platform:noun:a raised, level surface used as a stage.
traveller:noun:someone or something that travels.
corp:abbreviation:abbreviation of "Corporation," an association of persons recognized by law and authorized to carry out certain functions with powers independent of the individual members (used in a proper name).
Panda:noun:a large black-and-white mammal that is related to bears.
conference:noun:a meeting to discuss a particular matter.
length:noun:the distance from one end of a thing to the other.
good:adjective:having qualities that are desired.
portfolio:noun:a portable case for transporting unbound papers or other printed material.
dog:noun:a furry animal with four legs, a pointed nose, and a tail.
prisoner:noun:a person who is held in a jail or prison while on trial or after being sentenced for a crime.
agreement:noun:the act of coming to a common understanding or of agreeing.
spokesman:noun:a man who speaks for one or more other persons.
duration:noun:the length of time during which something goes on.
performance:noun:a particular entertainment presented before an audience.
hair:noun:a thin, thread-like strand that grows from the skin of humans and other mammals.
breed:verb:to keep for mating and reproduction.
exclusion:noun:the act or process of excluding.
Buzzard:noun:a very large bird with a hooked bill and sharp claws; American vulture.
unity:noun:the condition of being united or of acting as one.
garage:noun:a building or part of a building built to shelter cars, trucks, or other vehicles.
interview:noun:a meeting between a person who has applied for a job and the person who is offering the job.
district:noun:an area of a country, city, or other place used for a particular purpose.
widow:noun:a woman whose husband has died and who has not married again.
stand:verb:to get in or be in a position on one's feet (often followed by "up").
team:noun:a group of people on one of the sides in a sports event or game.
budget:noun:a plan for how much money will be spent and earned during a certain period.
document:noun:a written or printed paper that gives factual information or proof of something.
celebration:noun:the act of honoring or celebrating.
equivalent:adjective:the same as or equal to another in force, value, measure, or meaning.
necessity:noun:a person or thing that is needed.
replacement:noun:the act or process of substituting or replacing.
garden:noun:an area of land used for growing flowers or vegetables.
test:noun:a trial to find out what something is, what it is made up of, or how good it is.
reality:noun:the state or quality of being real.
transfer:verb:to move or carry from one person or place to another.
castle:noun:a large, strong building where a noble lived with his family and servants.
laugh:verb:to express happiness, amusement, ridicule, or other feelings, by making sounds with the mouth and changing the face to an expression like a smile.
adjustment:noun:the act or process of changing or fixing something.
competitor:noun:a person, group, or thing that competes.
institute:verb:to bring into being or set in operation.
effect:noun:something produced by a cause.
luck:noun:the force believed to guide things which seem to happen to a person by chance.
bay:noun:a part of a sea or lake that cuts into a coastline and is partly surrounded by land.
Lady:noun:a polite word for a woman or girl.
Father:noun:a male parent.
phrase:noun:a part of a sentence that has meaning and grammatical order but does not have both a subject and a verb.
Bible:noun:the main sacred writings of Judaism and Christianity.
metal:noun:any solid mineral element that exhibits certain characteristics such as the ability to conduct heat or electricity.
clinic:noun:a place that gives medical treatment, usually to people who do not need to stay in a hospital overnight.
ecosystem:noun:a community of living things, together with their environment.
calculation:verb:to find out by using arithmetic; compute.
milk:noun:a white liquid produced by female mammals as food for their young.
Deer:noun:a mammal with short fur, long legs, and a long neck.
finding:verb:to come upon or meet by accident.
autumn:noun:the season of the year between summer and winter; fall.
Mouse:noun:a very small mammal with gray or brown fur.
Snow:noun:soft, white flakes of ice that fall from the sky to the earth.
satisfaction:noun:a pleasant feeling that comes from completing something and doing it well.
growth:noun:the process of growing.
picture:noun:a painting, drawing, or photograph.
deal:verb:to be concerned or to handle (usually followed by "with" or "in").
label:noun:a piece of paper or cloth that is attached to an object.
quarter:noun:an amount equal to one fourth of a whole.
image:noun:a picture or some other likeness of a person or thing.
gun:noun:a weapon with a tube made of metal from which bullets, shells, or other missiles are fired.
shareholder:noun:a person who owns shares of the stock of a business organization; stockholder.
possession:noun:the act or condition of having or owning something.
sport:noun:an athletic event or game played according to rules.
Song:noun:a short musical composition for singing.
knowledge:noun:understanding; awareness.
idea:noun:any thought, belief, picture, or image that is formed in the mind.
billion:noun:the number that is equal to one thousand times one million; 1,000,000,000.
challenge:noun:an invitation to enter into a fight or other contest of skill.
hint:noun:a sign or suggestion that is not made in a direct way.
petrol:noun:the British word for the flammable liquid used mainly as fuel for engines.
check:noun:a test or search to make sure that something is correct or in order.
mayor:noun:the head of government in a village, town, or city.
writer:noun:one who writes.
victory:noun:success in a fight against an enemy, opponent, or something difficult.
size:noun:the physical dimensions of anything.
prospect:noun:something that is expected or very likely to happen.
theater:noun:a building where plays, movies, or concerts are presented.
Depression:noun:a mood of unhappiness and low spirits that can last a long time and cannot always be explained.
accident:noun:reasons or causes that are not planned by anyone.
pity:noun:sympathy or sorrow caused by another's pain, bad luck, or suffering.
circuit:noun:a line or route around an area.
roof:noun:the surface or covering on the top of a building.
actor:noun:a person who acts a part in a play, a movie, or a radio or television program.
force:noun:power, energy, or physical strength.
identity:noun:all of those things by which a person or thing is known or is considered as being.
increase:verb:to make larger or greater; add to.
destruction:noun:the act of ruining completely or destroying.
doorway:noun:the way of entrance into a room or building.
train:noun:a connected series of railroad cars.
business:noun:the work a person does to earn money; job or trade.
Fall:verb:to drop downward from a higher place; descend.
darkness:noun:lack of light.
print:verb:to copy by transferring ink to a surface using mechanical pressure.
candidate:noun:a person who seeks to be elected or appointed to a certain position.
player:noun:someone who takes part in a game or sport.
Dolphin:noun:a mammal that lives in the water.
isolation:noun:the act of isolating or state of being isolated.
country:noun:a large area of land where people live under the same government or have the same culture; nation.
rod:noun:a straight, thin stick or bar.
inn:noun:a small hotel for people who are travelling.
need:noun:something that one wants or must have.
Kangaroo:noun:a mammal with long pointed ears, short front legs, and big, powerful back legs.
Army:noun:a large group of soldiers trained to use weapons to fight on land.
registration:noun:the act or process of registering or enrolling.
envelope:noun:a folded paper covering or container usually used to mail letters.
protection:noun:the act of keeping something safe from harm or the condition of being protected.
aid:verb:to give help to or assist.
Set:verb:to put in a particular position or location.
pause:noun:a short stop.
architecture:noun:the act or process of designing buildings, or the profession of an architect.
mystery:noun:a matter that is secret or that cannot be known or explained.
attention:noun:the concentration of one's mind on something.
Bee:noun:an insect with a hairy body, four wings, and sometimes a stinger.
payment:noun:the act or an instance of giving  money in return for something.
charge:verb:to give a responsibility or duty to.
ride:verb:to be carried by a vehicle or animal.
cold:adjective:without heat or warmth.
opinion:noun:what one thinks about something or somebody; viewpoint.
education:noun:the act or work of learning or training.
tail:noun:the rear part of an animal's body that sticks out from the backbone.
safety:noun:the condition of being safe from danger.
treatment:noun:the act of behaving in some way toward another.
ERA:noun:a period of time in history.
English:adjective:of or having to do with England, or its people.
memory:noun:the ability to remember an experience.
teacher:noun:one whose job is teaching; instructor.
chance:noun:the quality of happening by accident and without being planned or predicted.
dispute:verb:to argue or debate about.
responsibility:noun:the condition or fact of being responsible.
potential:adjective:able to come into being; possible.
album:noun:a book with blank pages or empty pockets in which a collection can be placed.
Pheasant:noun:a large bird with a long tail and bright feathers.
entertainment:noun:something that amuses or interests.
wish:noun:a desire or hope for something that may or may not be obtained.
shortage:noun:an amount that is less than is needed; lack.
lawyer:noun:one whose job is to help people with legal matters and represent them in court; attorney.
chart:noun:a sheet that gives information in the form of a graph or table.
charter:noun:an official document given by a government or ruler to a business or other group.
lake:noun:a large body of fresh or salt water that is surrounded on all sides by land.
weight:noun:the quality of being heavy.
Snake:noun:a long, narrow reptile that has scales but no legs.
show:verb:to cause or allow to be seen.
sector:noun:an identifiable segment or part of a landscape, area, society, political system, or the like.
Hare:noun:a small mammal with long ears.
judgement:noun:an opinion formed after carefully studying all of the information.
store:noun:a place where things are sold.
silver:noun:a shiny white metal that is soft and easy to shape.
export:verb:to send to another country to sell.
universe:noun:all matter and energy; all existing things, including the earth and heavens.
mineral:noun:a substance formed in the earth that is not of an animal or a plant.
reputation:noun:the level of respect with which a person is thought of by others.
eagle:noun:a large bird with a strong, curved beak and very good eyesight.
recipe:noun:a list of ingredients and instructions for making a food dish.
name:noun:a word or group of words by which something or someone is known.
jurisdiction:noun:the right or authority to interpret and administer the law.
facility:noun:a building made or used for a particular activity.
war:noun:a state or time of armed fighting between countries, states, or other groups of people.
leisure:noun:freedom from work or other duties that take time and effort; free time.
merger:noun:the combining of two or more companies into one, or the transfer of the property of one company to another.
comment:noun:a written or spoken statement of opinion.
trick:noun:something done to fool or cheat someone.
Guest:noun:a person who is a visitor in another's home.
captain:noun:a leader.
filter:noun:a device used to remove dirt or other solids from liquids or gases.
legislation:noun:a law made by a body of government.
expertise:noun:expert knowledge or skill.
task:noun:a piece of work to be done; duty.
breakfast:noun:the first meal of the day, eaten in the morning.
cream:noun:the part of whole milk that contains fat.
missile:noun:an object or weapon that is thrown or shot at a target that is far away.
strike:verb:to hit with the hand or a weapon.
party:noun:a gathering of people to celebrate or have fun.
room:noun:space that is used or available for use.
loyalty:noun:the condition of being faithful or loyal.
implication:noun:something hinted at or suggested, but not said directly.
Rebel:noun:one who fights against or does not obey authority.
continent:noun:one of the earth's seven major areas of land.
peace:noun:a state of freedom from war or conflict.
Earth:noun:(often capitalized) the fifth largest planet in our solar system and the third in distance from the sun.
tape:noun:a long narrow strip of plastic, cloth, or paper that has glue on one side.
portrait:noun:a painting, drawing, photograph or sculpture of a person.
other:adjective:different from the one or ones mentioned.
Rabbit:noun:a small mammal with long ears and long back legs for running or jumping.
cable:noun:a thick, strong rope made of steel or fiber.
chamber:noun:a room.
expression:noun:the act of telling or showing thoughts or feelings.
attendance:noun:the act of being present at an event.
love:noun:strong feelings of affection for another person.
taxation:noun:the act of taxing.
lifetime:noun:the time during which a person's life goes on.
employee:noun:someone who works for a person or business in return for pay.
amphibian:noun:a small animal that spends part of its life cycle in water and part of its life cycle on land.
tissue:noun:a group of cells in an animal or plant body that are like each other and do similar things.
physics:definition::(used with a singular verb) the science that deals with matter and energy, their qualities, and the relationships between them.
membership:noun:the state of being a member.
morning:noun:the early part of the day, beginning when the sun rises and ending about noon.
draft:noun:a rough piece of writing that needs more work; sketch.
infant:noun:a child in the first months of life.
stress:noun:the importance or special attention given to something; emphasis.
view:noun:the act of looking at or seeing; examination; survey.
privilege:noun:a right or benefit that is given only to a certain person, group, or social class.
summary:noun:a short and usu.
Red:noun:the color of blood; the first color on the color spectrum.
ICE:noun:water in a frozen, solid state.
mile:noun:a unit of length equal to 5,280 feet or 1.
salary:noun:a fixed amount of money paid at regular times for the work a person has done.
introduction:noun:the act or process of introducing.
interface:noun:the equipment or programs used to communicate between different computer systems or programs.
pilot:noun:the operator of an aircraft.
nail:noun:a slim, pointed metal rod with a flat top.
spectrum:noun:a band of colors that is formed when light is passed through a prism, or in some other way.
coal:noun:a hard black or dark brown substance that is found in the earth and burned as fuel.
medicine:noun:a drug or other substance used to treat a disease, injury, pain, or other symptoms.
management:noun:the act or process of managing.
standard:noun:something that is used and accepted as a guide, example, or authority.
path:noun:a track beaten by the feet of people or animals.
practitioner:noun:a person practicing a trade, occupation, or profession.
diet:noun:the food and drink usually eaten and drunk by a person or animal.
Cat:noun:a small, furry mammal with whiskers, short ears, and a long tail.
skeleton:noun:the inner framework of bones and cartilage in vertebrate animals.
territory:noun:an area or region of land.
shade:noun:darkness caused by light rays being blocked.
emission:noun:the act of emitting.
emperor:noun:the male ruler of an empire.
capability:noun:the quality of being skilled or able; ability.
farm:noun:an area of land, along with buildings and equipment, used to grow crops or raise animals for food or clothing.
pipe:noun:a tube of metal, plastic, or other material, through which a gas or liquid may flow.
Continent:noun:one of the earth's seven major areas of land.
door:noun:an opening through which one enters or leaves a room or building.
invasion:noun:an act or instance of invading by an enemy or hostile army.
start:verb:to begin some movement or activity.
oak:noun:a tree that belongs to the beech family and bears acorns.
theatre:noun:a building where plays, movies, or concerts are presented.
map:noun:a picture of a particular area of the earth or sky drawn or printed to scale on a flat surface.
demonstration:noun:an activity that shows how something works or how it is made.
correlation:noun:a relationship or correspondence between two or more things.
photography:noun:the art or practice of taking and making photographs.
conclusion:noun:an ending, result, or outcome.
President:noun:an officer elected to lead a group or organization.
diary:noun:a daily record of a person's experiences and thoughts.
tradition:noun:the handing down of a culture's beliefs and customs from parents to children over many years.
skill:noun:the power or ability to perform a task well, especially because of training or practice.
crowd:noun:a large number of people gathered together.
clerk:noun:a person who does office work, such as keeping records, finding information, filing, and making copies.
distribution:noun:the act of distributing.
engagement:noun:the act of engaging or state of being engaged.
fraction:noun:a part or very small part of a whole.
surgery:noun:the field of medicine that treats disease and injury by fixing or removing parts of the body.
kit:noun:a collection of items for a particular use.
advice:noun:an idea or opinion offered as help in making a choice or a decision.
comfort:verb:to give relief from a painful or difficult situation; soothe.
skin:noun:the thin tissue covering the body of a person or animal.
reduction:noun:the act of reducing or state of being reduced.
merchant:noun:one who buys goods and sells them for a profit.
period:noun:a section of time with a set beginning and end.
tax:noun:a sum of money paid to a government, which the government uses to pay for its services to the people and to maintain itself.
Twin:noun:either of two children or animals born at the same time to one mother.
speed:noun:the act of moving rapidly or swiftly.
insurance:noun:a protection against certain accidents that is provided by a company in return for payment of a fee.
suit:noun:a set of clothes with a jacket and trousers or a skirt made of the same material and color.
supplier:verb:to provide.
duty:noun:something that a person should do because it is right or fair; responsibility.
surprise:verb:to catch (someone or something) off guard; act upon without giving any warning.
cinema:noun:the art or business of making movies.
delegation:noun:a group of people chosen to speak or act for others.
incentive:noun:something that makes a person want to work or do something.
gift:noun:something a person gives without wanting anything in return; a present.
operation:noun:the act or process of working or running.
ceremony:noun:a formal act or series of acts done in a particular way to honor a special occasion.
volume:noun:a collection of pages of writing or print bound together; book.
information:noun:knowledge or facts that come from a source.
Creation:noun:the act of creating or of causing something to exist.
organism:noun:an individual living thing, such as a plant, an animal, or a germ.
currency:noun:the money that is used in a country.
preference:noun:a person or thing that is liked better.
Day:noun:the period between sunrise and sunset.
music:noun:sound with tones and rhythm that can be listened to and enjoyed.
transition:noun:a process of changing from one position, stage, or situation to another.
department:noun:a separate part of a large organization, such as a government, school, or business.
Hero:noun:a person who is brave, good, and often looked up to by others.
location:noun:place or position.
profession:noun:a job or type of work that needs special training or study.
tool:noun:an instrument that is usually held with the hands and helps one to do something.
press:verb:to bear down on.
BAR:noun:a length of metal or other strong, solid material often used to hold something back, support something, or hold things together.
assembly:noun:a group of people gathered together, usually for a specific purpose.
color:noun:a quality of light as our eyes see it.
reproduction:noun:the process of reproducing or being reproduced.
bike:noun:(informal) a short form of <strong>bicycle</strong> or <strong>motorcycle</strong>.
liberation:verb:to free or let out.
conflict:verb:to disagree strongly; differ.
Aardvark:noun:a large mammal with a long snout, long ears, a long tail, and almost no hair.
cow:noun:the adult female of cattle.
killer:verb:to cause to die.
summit:noun:the highest part; peak.
Caterpillar:noun:the larva, or middle life stage, of a moth or butterfly.
needle:noun:a thin instrument made of steel with a hole at one end for thread and a sharp point at the other.
infection:noun:the act of infecting or an instance or condition of being infected.
mathematics:noun:(used with a singular verb) the study of numbers, amounts, shapes, and the relationship between them, using symbols to represent these things.
solicitor:noun:one that solicits, esp.
entity:noun:anything that exists objectively and distinctly, whether nonliving or living; thing or being.
reply:verb:to give an answer in words or writing.
horse:noun:a large mammal with long legs and hooves.
rhythm:noun:movement marked by the regular repetition of sounds.
cupboard:noun:a cabinet with shelves for food, dishes, or other items.
material:noun:anything used for building or making something else.
crew:noun:a group of people who work together.
mouth:noun:the opening in the face through which one eats, breathes, and makes sounds.
expert:noun:someone who knows a great deal about a particular thing.
recovery:noun:the act of getting back something that had been lost or stolen.
borough:noun:a town that governs itself.
life:noun:the state of being that sets animals and plants apart from rocks, minerals, and other things that are not alive.
enterprise:noun:a plan or project that is risky, bold, or difficult to carry out; undertaking.
Camel:noun:a large animal with long legs and a long neck.
conversion:noun:the act or process of changing.
action:noun:something that is done for a particular purpose.
window:noun:an opening in a wall or vehicle that lets in air and light and provides a view out.
rate:noun:a quantity measured with respect to another measured quantity.
claim:verb:to state or demand as one's right.
breach:noun:an act of breaking a law or promise.
Milk:noun:a white liquid produced by female mammals as food for their young.
Singer:noun:a person who sings as a job or hobby.
tunnel:noun:an underground or underwater passage used by cars, trains, or other vehicles.
experiment:noun:a carefully planned test used to discover something unknown.
opponent:noun:one who fights, plays, or takes a position against another.
society:noun:the members of a community or group considered together.
magistrate:noun:a public official who exercises a judicial or executive function, such as a mayor or justice of the peace.
connection:noun:something that connects.
transformation:noun:a major change in the form, shape, character, or nature of something or someone.
Male:adjective:of or having to do with men or boys.
Llama:noun:an animal with long legs and a long neck.
palace:noun:the official home of a king or queen or other persons of high rank or authority.
detective:noun:a person, often a police officer, whose job is to find information that will solve crimes.
equipment:noun:things made, or used, for a particular activity.
virus:noun:a tiny organism that can reproduce only in living cells.
bomb:noun:a metal shell filled with explosives.
statute:noun:a law made by a legislature, as opposed to one established by the courts.
daddy:noun:(informal) father.
politics:noun:the work or study of government.
Otter:noun:a mammal with brown fur, a long body, short legs, and webbed feet.
landscape:noun:the area that can be seen from one point; view.
spread:verb:to open or stretch out.
preparation:noun:the act of getting something ready.
wife:noun:a woman who is married, or the woman to whom a man is married.
availability:noun:the condition of being available.
water:noun:a clear liquid that has no taste or odor.
nightmare:noun:a frightening dream.
qualification:noun:something that makes a person fit for an activity or job.
Chicken:noun:a common farm bird that is raised for its meat and eggs.
proceeding:verb:to move forward after a stop.
Brother:noun:a male person having the same mother or father as another person.
Leopard:noun:a large mammal with short yellow or gray fur and black spots.
furniture:noun:movable objects such as chairs, tables, and beds used to make a room fit for living in.
factor:noun:something that has an influence on something that happens or is one of the causes of it.
tower:noun:a tall, narrow building or part of a building that rises high above the ground.
anxiety:noun:a feeling of being worried, nervous, or afraid that something will happen.
Owl:noun:a bird with large eyes set in front of a large head, a strong, hooked beak, and strong, sharp claws.
drink:verb:to swallow a liquid.
trial:noun:the act of hearing a case in court to decide whether or not a person has broken a particular law.
complaint:noun:an act of complaining.
Constable:noun:a police officer in a small town or village.
tone:noun:a single sound that is thought of as having pitch, strength, or length.
movement:noun:change in position or location.
hip:noun:the part on either side of the body between the waist and the thigh.
share:noun:a part of a whole that one member of a group is given or owed.
loss:noun:a failure to keep or continue.
frame:noun:a structure made of parts that are joined together and that supports a larger object.
club:noun:a heavy wooden stick that is used as a weapon.
letter:noun:a written mark that stands for a speech sound; specific character of an alphabet.
stuff:noun:the material or matter from or with which something is made.
substance:noun:that of which something is made; matter.
cup:noun:a small container used for drinking.
record:verb:to put in writing.
refusal:noun:the act or an instance of refusing.
reporter:noun:a person whose job is to gather and report news for a newspaper or magazine, or for a television station or radio station.
voter:noun:one who votes.
fabric:noun:cloth that is woven or knitted; material.
boat:noun:a small, open vehicle for traveling on water.
move:verb:to change position or place.
target:noun:an object or mark at which bullets, arrows, or darts are fired or aimed.
Dinosaur:noun:one of a group of extinct animals.
influence:noun:the power or invisible action of a thing or person that causes some kind of effect on another.
Jew:noun:a person whose ancestors were the Biblical Hebrews.
investigation:noun:the act of investigating.
lift:verb:to bring upward; raise.
electricity:noun:energy caused by the movement of electrons through matter.
opportunity:noun:a chance for a better situation.
Chimpanzee:noun:a mammal that lives in African rain forests.
branch:noun:a woody part of a tree or bush that grows out from the trunk; limb.
analysis:noun:a careful study of the parts of something in order to understand more about the whole.
paper:noun:a thin material  made from wood, rags, or grasses.
coat:noun:a piece of outer clothing with long sleeves, usually worn to keep warm.
dividend:noun:the number to be divided by another number in math equations.
book:noun:sheets of paper bound together between two covers.
Bald Eagle:noun:a large eagle of the United States and Canada that is dark brown with a white head and tail.
glass:noun:a hard, clear material that breaks easily.
lad:noun:a boy or young man.
leaf:noun:one of the usually green, flat parts of a plant or tree that grows from the stem or branch.
mother:noun:a female parent.
domain:noun:the land owned or under the control of a single ruler or government.
fantasy:noun:imagination or something imagined.
Fish:noun:an animal that lives in water and has fins for swimming and gills for breathing.
colleague:noun:a person who has the same job or employer as another.
switch:noun:a shift; change.
Mrs:abbreviation:an abbreviation for <strong>Mistress</strong>, which is used before a married woman's name.
republic:noun:a nation in which those who make the laws and run the government are elected by the people.
Truth:noun:agreement with the facts or what is real.
partnership:noun:a business that is owned by two or more persons.
mortality:noun:the quality or state of being destined to die.
journalist:noun:a person whose work is journalism.
bean:noun:the seed or seed pod of certain plants.
stream:noun:a small, flowing body of water, such as a brook or creek.
Penguin:noun:a large water bird with webbed feet that lives in colder regions of the Southern Hemisphere.
reference:noun:the act or fact of mentioning.
Friend:noun:a person whom you know well and like and who likes you.
amount:noun:measure; quantity.
tactic:noun:a technique or maneuver used for achieving a goal, especially in battle.
conception:noun:the forming of concepts or ideas, or the power to do so.
comparison:noun:the act of comparing or the result of being compared.
football:noun:a game played in the United States and Canada by two teams on a long field.
developer:noun:someone who buys land and makes it ready to be used for homes, business, recreation, or the like.
ingredient:noun:one of the parts of a mixture.
victim:noun:someone who is hurt, injured, or killed by a person, group, or event.
discussion:noun:the act or an instance of talking or writing about something.
note:noun:a short letter.
Cancer:noun:a disease in which certain cells divide and grow much faster than they normally do.
type:noun:a group of things that share certain features or properties that set the group apart from others; kind.
Eagle:noun:a large bird with a strong, curved beak and very good eyesight.
bureau:noun:a chest of drawers.
intelligence:noun:the ability to learn, reason, and understand.
century:noun:a unit of time equal to one hundred years.
Rattlesnake:noun:a venomous snake found in North, Central, and South America.
fund:noun:a supply of money or other resources that is held for a particular purpose.
act:noun:a thing that is done; deed.
fighting:noun:the use of weapons, bodies, or words to struggle with someone or something; battle; quarrel.
polytechnic:adjective:of, relating to, or involving many arts and sciences, esp.
design:verb:to make or draw plans for the structure or form of.
archbishop:noun:a bishop of the highest rank.
cathedral:noun:the main church of a bishop's district.
warmth:noun:the condition of being warm; heat.
variation:noun:the act or process of varying, or the state or condition of being varied; change; changeability.
admission:noun:the act, process, or result of allowing to enter.
principle:noun:a basic law or truth on which action or behavior is based.
cousin:noun:the son or daughter of an aunt or uncle.
minimum:noun:the smallest or least possible amount, degree, or number.
plain:adjective:easily seen or heard; clear; visible.
landlord:noun:a man or woman who rents property to others.
percentage:noun:some part of a whole based on a total of one hundred parts.
peasant:noun:a member of the class of farm workers and small farmers in Europe and Asia.
damage:noun:harm or injury that makes something less useful or valuable.
representation:noun:the showing or picturing of something in a work of art.
official:noun:a person who holds an office in a business organization or a government.
motivation:noun:an instance or the process of motivating.
occasion:noun:an event or the time at which it happens.
apartment:noun:a room or set of rooms used as living space.
bronze:noun:a mixture of copper and tin.
decade:noun:a unit of time equal to ten years.
gesture:noun:a movement of one's body or face that shows feeling or thought.
desire:verb:to want or wish for.
drop:noun:a small amount of liquid, usually with a round shape.
tube:noun:a long, hollow piece of glass, metal, or rubber used to hold or carry liquids or gases.
Passion:noun:any strong feeling or emotion.
secretary:noun:a person who writes letters, keeps records straight, and manages mail.
schedule:noun:a plan of when certain actions or events will be carried out.
fear:noun:a strong feeling one gets when one expects danger or pain.
defeat:verb:to win a victory over; beat in a game or battle.
market:noun:a place where goods are sold.
sort:noun:kind; type.
allowance:noun:a sum of money given on a regular basis or  allowed for a particular purpose.
clue:noun:a hint that helps solve a puzzle, problem, or mystery.
touch:verb:to put one's hand or fingers on in order to feel.
college:noun:a school of higher learning that one attends after high school.
servant:noun:a person, such as a maid or cook, who has a job working in someone else's home.
brain:noun:the organ inside the skull of humans and animals.
holiday:noun:a day on which most people do not work so that they may honor and celebrate some person or event.
correspondent:noun:a person who writes letters to another, especially over a period of time.
Lion:noun:a large, very strong mammal with short tan fur.
Bond:noun:something that joins, ties, or fastens together.
American:adjective:of or having to do with the United States, or its people or language.
formula:noun:a rule or way of doing something expressed in a standard way using words or symbols.
trust:noun:a belief in the strength or truth of a person or thing.
venture:noun:an activity or undertaking in which there is risk or the result is not certain.
project:noun:any activity that takes great effort or planning.
resolution:noun:strong purpose or determination.
parish:noun:a district of a Christian religion that has its own church and priest or minister.
bedroom:noun:a room used for sleeping.
neck:noun:the part of the body of both human beings and animals that connects the head with the body.
protest:noun:an objection or complaint.
preserve:verb:to protect from being hurt or harmed.
excitement:noun:the state of being excited.
Ferret:noun:a European polecat that has been domesticated for use in hunting rabbits and rodents.
Opera:noun:a play in which all or most of the words are sung and the music is played by an orchestra.
professor:noun:a teacher with a high rank at a college or university.
brand:noun:a kind of product made by one particular company.
level:adjective:having a flat, even surface.
city:noun:a large and important town where many people live and work.
organisation:noun:the act or process of organizing.
place:noun:a certain area of space that is taken up by something.
collapse:verb:to fall down; give way; cave in.
PET:noun:a tame animal people keep in their homes as a companion or for pleasure.
fire:noun:the heat, light, and flames produced by burning.
hole:noun:an opening or hollow cavity in something.
Mule:noun:the offspring of a male donkey and a female horse.
Sand:noun:tiny, loose grains of ground rock, found on beaches and in deserts.
presence:noun:the state or condition of being in a place at a certain time.
blood:noun:the red liquid containing oxygen and nutrients that pumps through the veins and arteries of humans and many other animals.
survival:noun:the act or fact of continuing to be alive or survive.
head:noun:the top or leading part of an animal body.
lover:noun:one who is in love with another.
communication:noun:the sharing or exchange of messages, information, or ideas.
alarm:noun:sudden fear caused by possible danger.
crop:noun:plants grown on a farm.
procedure:noun:a series of steps that must be taken in order to do something.
seat:noun:a chair, bench, or other object for sitting on.
message:noun:spoken or written information, sent from one person or group to another.
curtain:noun:a piece of cloth hung in a window or other opening to shut out light or to cover something.
director:noun:a person who guides the affairs of a business or other organization.
region:noun:a large space or area.
relative:noun:a person who belongs to the same family as someone else.
Black:noun:the color of the night sky; the darkest color.
crime:noun:something a person does that is against the law.
notice:noun:warning, news, or sign of something, especially in written or printed form.
disposal:noun:a giving away or a getting rid of something.
presentation:noun:the act of presenting.
counterpart:noun:someone or something that is just like or similar to another.
publisher:noun:a person or company that publishes books or periodicals.
mess:noun:a state of being dirty or not neat.
local:adjective:having to do with a particular place such as a neighborhood or town.
timber:noun:trees that are used as wood to build houses and buildings.
pub:noun:a bar or tavern that serves food.
Democrat:noun:a person who believes that government should be run by the people or that all people are equal.
discourse:noun:verbal communication; conversation.
plan:noun:an action one intends to take; aim.
data:noun:facts, figures, or other pieces of information that can be used to learn about something.
Assault:noun:a violent physical or verbal attack.
delivery:noun:an act of bringing or sending something to a particular person or place.
paragraph:noun:a part of something written made up of one or more sentences that develop a certain idea.
crustacean:noun:an animal with a hard, jointed shell.
technology:noun:a field of knowledge having to do with the practical applications of science and industry, or the inventions and methods of solving problems that are produced through research in these areas.
street:noun:a public road in a town or city along which vehicles travel.
participant:noun:a person who takes part.
scholar:noun:a person who has much knowledge, usually acquired from research and study.
visit:verb:to go or come to see.
forum:noun:the central place in ancient Roman cities where people gathered for business and public meetings.
rat:noun:a small mammal with a pointed face and a very long tail.
sword:noun:a weapon that has a long pointed blade fixed on a handle or hilt.
coffee:noun:a tropical plant that produces beans.
customer:noun:a person who buys products or services.
report:noun:a statement or account of something.
transportation:noun:the act of carrying or moving something.
film:noun:a thin layer or coating.
method:noun:a way of doing something.
coach:noun:a closed carriage that is pulled by horses.
escape:verb:to get free.
reaction:noun:an action or response to something that has happened or has been done.
declaration:noun:the act of declaring or making something known.
Hill:noun:a raised area of land smaller than a mountain.
chairman:noun:a man who is in charge of a meeting or committee.
Cash:noun:money in the form of bills or coins, or payment in such form.
video:noun:the picture part of television.
pregnancy:noun:the state, or an instance, of being pregnant.
heritage:noun:something that one believes, thinks, or does that comes from one's family or ethnic background; tradition.
tour:verb:to journey from place to place.
device:noun:an invention or machine used to perform simple tasks or something else made for a specific purpose.
junction:noun:a point or place where things are joined together.
situation:noun:state of affairs; circumstances.
pain:noun:physical hurt or discomfort that is usually caused by injury or illness.
item:noun:a single, particular thing in a group or list.
Park:noun:an area of public land, as in a city, that is set aside for rest and enjoyment.
extinction:noun:the act or process of becoming or making extinct.
Night:noun:the hours of darkness between sunset and dawn.
teenager:noun:a person of age thirteen through nineteen.
priority:noun:precedence, esp.
seminar:noun:a small class at a university, usually for advanced students, for study and discussion.
youth:noun:the quality or state of being young.
public:adjective:of, for, or having to do with all members of a community; not private.
midnight:noun:twelve o'clock at night.
awareness:adjective:knowing or careful (usually followed by "of").
Eel:noun:a long fish that looks like a snake.
agenda:noun:a list of things to be done or talked about.
fuel:noun:anything such as wood or gasoline that is burned as a source of energy.
nest:noun:a structure used by a bird to lay eggs and rear young.
clause:noun:a group of words that has a subject and a verb.
winter:noun:the season of the year between autumn and spring.
finance:noun:the management of money or other resources.
beer:noun:an alcoholic drink made of hops and malt.
gate:noun:a part of a fence or wall that swings to open and close.
vegetable:noun:a plant or part of a plant, such as carrots, beans, or lettuce, that is used for food.
receiver:noun:a person who receives.
settlement:noun:the act of settling, or the condition of being settled.
scientist:noun:a person who works in some branch of science.
air:noun:the mixture of gases that surrounds the earth.
guardian:noun:a person who guards or protects.
average:noun:a usual amount or kind; something that is not outside the ordinary.
Cougar:noun:a common name for a puma, a large wild cat with tan fur.
norm:noun:a model or standard, esp.
inquiry:noun:a process of looking for truth or correct information.
visitor:noun:one who makes a visit.
money:noun:the coins or paper notes of a country used to buy things or pay for services.
version:noun:a description or report in a particular style or from one point of view.
Mongoose:noun:a mammal related to the ferret, known for its ability to kill poisonous snakes.
fellow:noun:a man or boy.
Ass:noun:a mammal with long legs and hooves that is closely related to the horse.
flower:noun:the part of a plant that has petals and that makes fruit or seeds; blossom.
scheme:noun:a plan or plot.
youngster:noun:a young person; child.
month:noun:one of the twelve parts of a year.
priest:noun:a person who is authorized by a church to lead prayers and religious services.
battle:noun:a fight between two armed persons or forces during a war.
thesis:noun:a statement or proposition put forward and supported by proof or argument.
maybe:adverb:perhaps; possibly.
pace:noun:the length of one step; stride.
existence:noun:the condition of being alive or real.
wage:noun:(often plural) money paid in a regular way to a person for doing work or giving help.
mission:noun:a group of people sent to a foreign land to set up relations and to start trade or religious work.
product:noun:something made by means of either human work or that of a machine.
wire:noun:a thin rod or thread of metal.
resident:noun:a person who lives in a particular place.
rabbit:noun:a small mammal with long ears and long back legs for running or jumping.
divorce:noun:the ending of a marriage as recognized by law.
liberty:noun:freedom from being confined or controlled.
personnel:noun:all of the people who work for a business or other organization.
remark:verb:to comment in a casual way.
formation:noun:the act of forming or the state of being formed.
interpretation:noun:the act or process of explaining or understanding the meaning of something.
protein:noun:a substance that is made up of nitrogen, carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, and possibly other elements.
arrival:noun:the act of reaching a certain place or goal.
juice:noun:the natural liquid from plants or meats.
shelf:noun:a thin, flat piece of wood, metal, or other material that is attached to a wall or set into a piece of furniture.
poem:noun:a piece of writing, often with words that rhyme and have a particular rhythm.
tension:noun:the act of stretching or state of being stretched; strain.
pass:verb:to go past; move beyond.
mistake:noun:a thought or action that is not correct; error.
King:noun:a male head of a royal family who rules a country for life.
analyst:noun:someone trained or skilled in a particular type of analysis.
consultation:noun:the act or process of consulting.
criterion:noun:a standard or test by which to judge or decide.
stop:verb:to halt or cause to halt.
Snail:noun:a small animal with a soft body and a spiral shell.
economy:noun:the careful use of money, resources, and means of production.
delegate:noun:a person who is chosen to speak or act for others.
essay:noun:a short piece of writing that gives the writer's ideas, feelings, and opinions on a particular subject.
Maker:noun:someone or something that makes.
county:noun:one of several sections into which a U.S. state is divided.
inch:noun:a unit of length equal to one twelfth of a foot or 2.
tournament:noun:a contest of skill including a series of games where those who lose one game may no longer take part.
camp:noun:an outdoor area where tents or rough shelters are set up to live in or sleep in for a time.
iron:noun:a heavy gray metal that is one of the chemical elements.
failure:noun:the act of not succeeding or not doing.
employer:noun:a person or business that pays others to work.
article:noun:a single thing; one item out of a group of similar objects.
Coyote:noun:a North American mammal that is closely related to dogs, foxes, and wolves.
interaction:noun:action of one upon another or others; action in response to others; influence, or effect.
stance:noun:the physical position of the body, esp.
gentleman:noun:a polite and honorable man.
confidence:noun:a sense of trust or faith in a person or thing, or in oneself.
hotel:noun:a place with many rooms and beds where people pay money to sleep, eat meals, or buy other services.
fluid:noun:a liquid or gas.
journal:noun:a record of a person's experiences, thoughts, or daily events; diary.
CORE:noun:the hard center part of certain fruits.
silence:noun:a lack of sound; quiet.
mode:noun:a way of doing something.
Beetle:noun:an insect with a pair of hard front wings that covers a pair of thin wings.
resistance:noun:the act or process of resisting.
succession:noun:the act or process of following or coming after something or someone else.
difficulty:noun:the condition of being hard to do.
contact:noun:the touching of two things or people.
trip:noun:the act of traveling; a journey.
terrace:noun:a flat, paved surface outside of a house or other building; patio.
acquisition:noun:the act or process of acquiring.
concept:noun:a general idea or thought.
Parrot:noun:a tropical bird with a short, hooked bill and brightly colored feathers.
reflection:noun:the act of reflecting or state of being reflected.
network:noun:a system that involves a number of persons or groups.
disaster:noun:a sudden event causing much damage or suffering.
particle:noun:a tiny amount or small piece; speck; trace.
accountant:noun:a person who checks and takes care of business records or accounts.
logic:noun:a way of solving a problem that uses careful thought and reasoning.
final:adjective:happening at or being the end of something; last.
library:noun:a place where books, records, and other materials are kept and from which they may be borrowed.
champion:noun:a person or animal that has taken first place in a contest or game; winner.
consequence:noun:that which follows; result.
lamp:noun:a device that gives off light.
output:noun:the amount produced in a given time period.
accent:noun:the stress a speaker gives to one syllable in a word.
reign:noun:rule by a king or queen.
boundary:noun:something that marks the edge or limit.
triumph:noun:the winning of a great victory or success.
Finch:noun:a small bird with a bill that is excellent at cracking seeds.
Nation:noun:a people living in the same region of the world and having a common history, language, and culture.
recommendation:noun:the act or process of recommending.
religion:noun:a set of beliefs about how the universe was made and what its purpose is.
capacity:noun:the amount that can be held in a particular space.
hierarchy:noun:a body of persons or entities graded according to rank or level of authority.
debate:noun:a discussion between two people or groups who disagree on an important subject.
ambition:noun:a strong desire to become famous, rich, or to reach a goal.
pot:noun:a deep round container made of metal, glass, or clay, used for cooking food.
work:noun:the use of energy or effort to achieve a result by doing or making something; labor.
person:noun:a human being.
natural resources:noun:materials that are found in nature and that can be used by people in many ways.
detail:noun:a small item; a particular.
Butterfly:noun:an insect with four large wings that flies mostly in the daytime.
measure:noun:the exact size, weight, or amount of something that is found by using a ruler, yardstick, scale, or similar device.
summer:noun:the warmest season of the year, falling between spring and autumn.
account:noun:a story or report.
fact:noun:something said or known to be true.
geography:noun:the science of the earth's surface and all life on it.
Villa:noun:a large, luxurious country house or estate.
verse:noun:poetry or a poem.
program:noun:a plan of what will be done; schedule.
property:noun:all of one's possessions taken as a whole, or a part of those possessions.
modification:noun:the act of modifying, or the condition of being modified.
applicant:noun:a person who applies for something, such as a job.
point:noun:the sharp end of something.
office:noun:a place where business or professional work is done.
storm:noun:a violent disturbance in the atmosphere that brings rain, snow, wind, thunder, or lightning.
revolution:noun:the overthrow of a political system or government by force, and the setting up of a new government in its place.
husband:noun:a man who is married; the man to whom a woman is married.
bread:noun:a food made by baking a dough of flour or meal.
Alligator:noun:a large reptile with short legs, a long body and tail, and a long, wide snout.
radio:noun:a way of sending signals made of waves that travel through the air.
patch:noun:a small piece of material used to cover a hole or tear or to make a weak place stronger.
term:noun:a word or phrase for something that might be known only by people who have a particular job, interest, or hobby.
injury:noun:any damage or wrong that causes pain or difficulty.
human:adjective:having to do with or being a part of people.
classroom:noun:a room in a school or college where classes are held.
Town:noun:an area with streets, houses, and buildings that is larger than a village but usually smaller than a city.
interval:noun:the period of time between two events or situations.
separation:noun:the act of separating or condition of being separated.
Angel:noun:a spiritual being who acts as a servant or messenger of God.
tooth:noun:one of the hard, white, bony objects that grow in rows in the jaws of people and animals.
gaze:verb:to look steadily.
focus:noun:the point at which rays of light or heat come together or from which they seem to move away.
constraint:noun:something that compels, confines, or restrains.
career:noun:the work a person chooses to do through life.
format:noun:the way in which something is arranged or organized.
accommodation:noun:the act or process of accommodating.
lecture:noun:a talk given in front of an audience.
temperature:noun:the degree of heat or cold of an object or an environment.
half:noun:one of two equal parts of a whole.
cheek:noun:either side of the face between the nose and the ear.
pig:noun:an animal with a wide, flat nose, four short legs, a thick body, and a short, curly tail.
lifespan:noun:the length of time that a human, animal, or plant lives or can be expected to live.
discipline:noun:training of the body or mind according to rules or principles.
championship:noun:(sometimes plural) one or more contests held to decide the champion.
corporation:noun:a group of people allowed by law to do certain things as if they were one person.
boot:noun:a covering for the foot and all or some of the leg.
plank:noun:a length of wood thicker than a board.
riot:noun:a violent disturbance caused by a large number of people.
carrier:noun:a person who carries or brings something.
rodent:noun:a small mammal with long front teeth used for gnawing.
duke:noun:a nobleman with the highest rank below a prince.
income:noun:the money received for work or from property that is owned.
ocean:noun:the vast body of salt water covering about three quarters of the earth's surface.
police:noun:a department of a town, city, or state government that has the power to enforce laws, investigate crimes, and keep order.
Empire:noun:a group of nations or peoples under one ruler or government.
transport:verb:to carry from one place to another.
Lobster:noun:an animal with a hard, jointed shell that lives in the ocean.
Grant:verb:to present or give what is asked for or wanted.
measurement:noun:the act or process of measuring.
access:noun:a way of approaching or coming to a place.
consent:verb:to give permission or approval; agree (often followed by "to").
combination:noun:the result of an act of combining; things that are brought together or combined.
judge:noun:a person trained to hear and decide cases brought before a court of law.
Elephant:noun:an enormous mammal with a very long nose called a trunk.
promise:noun:a statement that something absolutely will happen or be done.
Clay:noun:moist, stiff earth that is used for making brick, pottery, and tile.
girl:noun:a female child or teenager.
importance:noun:the quality or condition of being important.
Crocodile:noun:a large reptile that is found in tropical swamps.
spider:noun:a small animal with eight legs and a body made up of two parts.
consultant:noun:someone whose job it is to give advice to others on a particular subject; expert.
Village:noun:a small town or community, often in the country.
limit:noun:the point at which something ends; a boundary or border.
plastic:noun:an artificial substance made from certain kinds of chemicals that can be easily shaped when soft.
machinery:noun:machines in general.
Porcupine:noun:a small mammal with bristles or spines in its fur.
Tiger:noun:a large, very strong mammal with short, yellow-orange fur and black stripes.
exception:noun:the act or fact of leaving out.
Chancellor:noun:the head of state in Austria or Germany.
concern:verb:to have to do with; be about; affect.
Job:noun:a particular task or piece of work.
rent:noun:a regular payment made to an owner of property for the right to live in or use that property.
FIG:noun:a soft fruit, with many small seeds, that grows on a tree native to the Mediterranean, or the tree on which the fruit grows.
stimulus:noun:something that causes or increases action, feeling, or thought.
announcement:noun:a public or formal statement.
lip:noun:either of the upper or lower edges of flesh that circle the mouth and are used in speech.
seed:noun:the small part of a flowering plant that grows into a new plant.
zone:noun:an area that is divided from other areas because of a particular use or some other special quality.
doctrine:noun:a belief or set of beliefs held by a religion, government, or other group.
picnic:noun:a social gathering at which food is eaten outdoors.
excuse:verb:to forgive or pardon.
aspect:noun:a part or element.
module:noun:a part of a device or machine that can be separated from the main section.
installation:noun:the act of installing or condition of being installed.
result:verb:to happen because of something.
talent:noun:a natural skill or ability.
mud:noun:wet earth that has been turned soft and sticky.
jewelry:noun:rings, watches, necklaces, or other ornaments; jewels.
coalition:noun:an alliance, esp.
steam:noun:water vapor formed by boiling.
height:noun:the distance from the bottom to the top.
tourist:noun:a person who is travelling for pleasure.
inspector:noun:one who inspects, often in an official capacity.
whole:adjective:having the entire amount or length.
Pigeon:noun:a bird with a plump body, small head, and short legs.
woman:noun:an adult female human.
journey:noun:a long trip from one place to another.
politician:noun:a person involved in party politics.
Ostrich:noun:a large, powerful African bird that can run very fast but cannot fly.
driver:noun:someone who drives.
issue:noun:something that is made, sent out, or published.
prayer:noun:the act of asking God or another spiritual being to use his or her power.
wood:noun:the hard material lying under the bark that makes up the trunk and branches of a tree.
psychology:noun:the study or science of the mind and of the ways that people feel and act.
corner:noun:the place where two lines or surfaces meet to form an angle.
floor:noun:the lowest surface in a room; the surface on which one stands in a room.
strength:noun:the state, quality, or condition of being strong.
Flea:noun:a tiny insect that does not have wings but can jump far.
soda:noun:a drink made with a sweet flavoring and water that contains carbon dioxide.
welfare:noun:a state of health, happiness, and good fortune.
round:adjective:shaped like a ball or circle.
paint:noun:a mixture of liquid and pigments that is used to cover the surface of something.
shift:verb:to change one's position, or to move from one place to another.
loan:noun:something that is lent or borrowed.
chip:noun:a small piece broken, cut, or chopped off of a hard material.
sequence:noun:a pattern or process in which one thing follows another.
Sheep:noun:an animal with hooves, hollow horns, and long, curly hair.
client:noun:one who pays for the services of another.
beach:noun:the land at the edge of a lake, ocean, or other body of water.
consumption:noun:the act or process of using up or consuming.
stability:noun:the condition or quality of being stable.
speech:noun:the power to speak, or the act of speaking.
productivity:adjective:making or producing easily or in large amounts.
publication:noun:the act of publishing printed material.
Word:noun:a sound, group of sounds, or the symbols for such sounds in writing that have some meaning.
agency:noun:a company or organization that does business in support of other companies or people.
quantity:noun:amount or number.
explosion:noun:the act of bursting or the noise made by bursting.
expense:noun:money needed to buy or do something; cost.
Order:noun:a direction or command.
glance:verb:to take a quick look.
rival:noun:a person whom one tries to be better than; competitor.
cut:verb:to pierce, slice, or open with a sharp tool such as a knife, ax, saw, or scissors.
component:noun:a part of something.
baby:noun:a very young girl or boy; infant.
completion:noun:the act or process of finishing or completing.
earth:noun:(often capitalized) the fifth largest planet in our solar system and the third in distance from the sun.
expenditure:noun:the act of paying or expending.
birthday:noun:the calendar day and month of one's birth, usually celebrated each year as that date occurs.
virtue:noun:right action or thoughts; goodness.
family:noun:a group made up of a parent or parents and their children.
guitar:noun:a stringed instrument with a long neck and five, six, or twelve strings that are strummed or plucked.
sandwich:noun:slices of bread with other food between them such as meat, cheese, or jelly.
question:noun:a sentence that asks for a reply.
prize:noun:a reward given to the winner of a contest or game.
Navy:noun:(often capitalized) the part of a nation's military organization that conducts war on or over the sea.
storage:noun:the act of storing or state of being stored.
Dragonfly:noun:a brightly colored insect with a long, narrow body.
style:noun:the manner in which something is said or done.
transaction:noun:the act of doing business.
incidence:noun:the frequency with which something happens or the range over which it occurs.
stomach:noun:the organ in the body that receives food that has been swallowed and begins to digest it.
reserve:verb:to hold back or save for later use.
election:noun:the process of choosing a person for office by voting.
tenant:noun:a person or group that occupies or uses another's house, office, building, or land, esp.
middle:adjective:halfway between two things, places, or points.
aunt:noun:the sister of one's mother or father.
Call:verb:to say in a loud voice or shout out.
age:noun:the length of time that a person or thing has existed.
female:noun:any person or animal of the sex that produces eggs or gives birth to young.
master:noun:a person with power or control.
chocolate:noun:a food substance that is made from ground cacao seeds.
nerve:noun:any of the fibers that carry messages to and from the brain and other parts of the body.
experience:noun:something that a person has done or lived through.
artist:noun:a person who is good at painting, music, writing, or any other art.
background:noun:the part of a picture or scene that is towards the back or seems to be furthest away.
audience:noun:a group of people gathered to see or hear something.
finger:noun:one of the five jointed parts at the end of the hand.
allegation:noun:an assertion made in the absence of positive proof.
tribunal:noun:a court of justice.
suggestion:noun:the act of suggesting or state of being suggested.
security:noun:freedom from fear or danger; safety.
Service:noun:the act or an instance of helping.
oxygen:noun:a gas with no color or smell that is one of the chemical elements.
way:noun:a road or path leading from one place to another.
trouble:verb:to disturb or worry.
conviction:noun:the act or process of finding a person guilty of a crime.
obligation:noun:something that someone should or should not do because of a law or moral principle.
industry:noun:the activity of process of turning raw materials into finished products, or a particular business that does this.
Easter:noun:a Christian holiday to celebrate that Jesus Christ returned to life after he died.
fraud:noun:the use of lies or tricks to cheat or take advantage of in a way that is often against the law.
travel:verb:to journey from place to place.
stage:noun:a raised platform used for concerts, plays, talks, and other performances.
withdrawal:noun:the state, act, or process of withdrawing.
employment:noun:an instance or act of employing.
contrast:verb:to compare in order to make differences clear.
majority:noun:the greater number or amount; a number or amount greater than half.
Dog:noun:a furry animal with four legs, a pointed nose, and a tail.
White:noun:the color of snow or salt; the lightest color.
track:noun:a mark or series of marks left on the ground by the feet of people or animals, or the wheels of machines; trail.
soul:noun:the part of human beings separate from the physical body that is thought of as the center of feeling, thought, and spirit.
trace:noun:a mark or sign of a past event or thing.
desk:noun:a piece of furniture with drawers and a flat surface used for reading and writing.
Oyster:noun:a small animal with a soft body and a hard shell in two pieces.
cat:noun:a small, furry mammal with whiskers, short ears, and a long tail.
ambulance:noun:a vehicle used to carry ill or injured people to a hospital.
catalogue:noun:an organized list of things such as book titles, goods for sale, or other items.
Shrew:noun:a very small animal with a long, pointed nose and tiny eyes.
research:noun:careful study of something in order to find out information about it.
Iguana:noun:a large lizard found mostly in the warmer parts of Central and South America.
Bench:noun:a long seat for two or more people.
environment:noun:the things and conditions that are all around one.
officer:noun:a person holding a position of trust and responsibility in a business, organization, or government agency.
field:noun:a wide area of open land often used for growing crops.
inflation:noun:an increase in the average price level.
percent:noun:one part or unit of each hundred.
friendship:noun:the state or condition of being a friend.
sergeant:noun:a rank above corporal in the U.S. Army, Marine Corps, or Air Force.
system:noun:a group of related things or parts that work together as a whole.
proposition:noun:a suggested plan of action.
Monopoly:noun:complete control over a service or product within a given area.
consideration:noun:careful attention or thought.
BAN:verb:to forbid or have an official rule against; prohibit.
Moth:noun:an insect that has broad wings and flies mostly at night.
wool:noun:the thick, soft, often curly hair of sheep, goats, llamas, and other animals.
advertise:verb:to present as good or favorable in order to win people's business or support.
release:verb:to set free.
decision:noun:the act or result of making up one's mind.
Chipmunk:noun:a small brown animal similar to a squirrel, having a striped back and a flat, bushy tail.
invitation:noun:the act of inviting.
personality:noun:all of the qualities of a person that make that person different from others.
emotion:noun:a strong feeling such as joy, hatred, sorrow, or fear.
wall:noun:a structure that forms the side of a building or divides or shuts off a space.
traffic:noun:the movement of people or vehicles along a sidewalk, road, or other route of travel.
mum:noun:an informal British word for mother.
shop:noun:a small store.
aircraft:noun:any machine that can fly through the air, such as an airplane, helicopter, glider, or balloon.
pocket:noun:a small piece of material, open at the top and sewn onto clothing.
piano:noun:a musical instrument with a keyboard and many wire strings.
respiration:noun:the act of breathing.
custom:noun:a way of acting that is usual or accepted for a person or a social group.
owner:noun:a person who owns.
game:noun:something done for fun or amusement; play.
wine:noun:the juice of grapes that has been fermented and contains alcohol.
Interior:adjective:being inside or within.
phase:noun:a particular stage in a cycle of development or process of change.
Spider:noun:a small animal with eight legs and a body made up of two parts.
Emu:noun:a large bird with long legs that runs very fast but can not fly.
peak:noun:the top part of a mountain that rises to a point, or such a mountain itself.
permission:noun:the act of permitting.
planet:noun:a large body in outer space that circles around the sun or another star.
prosecution:noun:the initiating and continuing of legal proceedings against one or more persons.
subsidy:noun:direct financial assistance provided by the government to a business, industry, educational institution, individual, or the like.
uncle:noun:the brother or brother-in-law of one's father or mother.
quality:noun:a feature that makes a person or thing what it is.
justification:noun:something that explains, justifies, or defends, as an explanation or supporting evidence.
signal:noun:a movement, action, or device used to give directions, warning, or other information.
science:noun:a system of studying, testing, and experimenting on things in nature.
Moon:noun:the earth's natural satellite.
dish:noun:a container for serving or holding food, such as a plate, cup, or bowl.
sheep:noun:an animal with hooves, hollow horns, and long, curly hair.
laboratory:noun:a place used for scientific experiments.
harm:noun:injury or hurt.
jacket:noun:a short coat used as a piece of outer clothing.
steel:noun:a hard, strong metal made from iron mixed with carbon.
Green:noun:the color of grass or of young, growing leaves; the color between yellow and blue on the color spectrum.
instinct:noun:the cause of natural behavior that is not learned in any species.
hunter:noun:one who hunts.
examination:noun:the act of examining; inspection.
Mill:noun:a place where raw grains are crushed and ground to make flour.
architect:noun:a person who designs buildings and directs their construction.
processor:noun:a series of actions used to produce something or reach a goal.
motion:noun:the act or particular way of changing place; movement.
Caribou:noun:an animal with long legs and a long neck.
drug:noun:a substance used to cure or heal; medicine.
process:noun:a series of actions used to produce something or reach a goal.
waste:verb:to use or spend in a careless way or for little or no return.
governor:noun:a person who leads a government, especially that of a state of the United States.
Skunk:noun:a small mammal with black and white fur and a bushy tail.
square:noun:a flat, closed figure with four straight sides of equal length and four angles of equal measure.
theft:noun:an act of stealing.
chapter:noun:one of the main parts of a book.
contract:noun:an agreement that is supported by the law.
Quail:noun:a bird related to the chicken that lives on the ground and is often hunted for sport and food.
assistant:noun:a person who gives help, aid, or assistance.
star:noun:any of a vast number of heavenly bodies visible from earth as points of light in the night sky.
bed:noun:a piece of furniture used for resting or sleeping.
studio:noun:the room where an artist works.
weekend:noun:the part of the week between Friday evening and Sunday evening.
Horse:noun:a large mammal with long legs and hooves.
joy:noun:a great feeling of happiness or pleasure; delight.
sleep:verb:to be in the state of rest for the body and mind in which the eyes are closed and one is not fully conscious.
approach:verb:to come or go near to.
interest:noun:the desire to learn, know, or take part in something.
happiness:noun:the fact or condition of being happy or glad.
packet:noun:a small bundle or parcel.
chemistry:noun:the science that studies the form and function of basic elements and their compounds.
illustration:noun:a picture or drawing used to explain or decorate a book or other written material.
bridge:noun:a structure built over a river, railroad, or other obstacle, that allows people to travel across.
involvement:verb:to have as a necessary part or result; include.
democracy:noun:a form of government in which power rests with the people, either directly or through elected representatives.
framework:noun:a structure that supports something built on or around it.
attitude:noun:a way of feeling or thinking about something or someone.
fight:noun:the use of weapons, bodies, or words to struggle with someone or something; battle; quarrel.
pension:noun:money paid at regular times by a former employer to a person who has retired, or by the government to a person who is not able to work.
movie:noun:a motion picture; film.
Rooster:noun:an adult male chicken or the male of another closely related bird, such as the pheasant; cock.
purpose:noun:a reason or plan that guides an action; design or goal.
commission:noun:the act of doing, performing, or committing.
Acre:noun:a unit of area equal to 43,560 square feet, used to measure land.
bird:noun:an animal with two wings, two feet, and a body covered with feathers.
sociology:noun:the scientific study of human society, esp.
Congress:noun:the branch of a national government that makes laws.
Sin:noun:an act of not obeying religious law.
guard:verb:to protect from danger or harm.
hardware:noun:tools and equipment used for making and fixing things.
cotton:noun:a plant that makes soft, white fibers.
investment:noun:the act or process of investing.
flesh:noun:the soft tissue, including muscle and fat, that lies between the skin and the bones.
Ox:noun:one of a breed of large cattle used on farms to pull heavy loads.
State:noun:the condition of a person or thing.
survey:verb:to have a general look at.
arthropod:noun:a large group of animals with hard shells on the outsides of their bodies, legs with joints, and no bones inside their bodies.
cabinet:noun:a piece of furniture with shelves, compartments, or drawers and usually covered by a door or doors.
language:noun:the system of spoken or written words with which people communicate thoughts, ideas, or feelings.
Raven:noun:a large, shiny, black bird that looks like a crow.
Internet:noun:the world's largest computer network, which is made of millions of computers that are linked together.
Death:noun:the end of life in any living thing, or the end of the life of a particular individual.
Hamster:noun:a very small mammal with a round body, short tail, and large pouches in its cheeks.
fruit:noun:the part of a plant that has seeds and flesh, such as apple or strawberry.
pair:noun:two things that are alike and meant to be used together.
win:verb:to do the best or come first in a contest or game.
railway:noun:a railroad.
criticism:noun:the act of judging what is good or bad in something.
Goat:noun:an animal with hooves, hollow horns, and rough hair.
uncertainty:noun:the condition or quality of being uncertain.
example:noun:something that shows what a group of things is like.
chief:noun:the most powerful or important person in a group; leader.
intervention:noun:the act of intervening.
event:noun:anything that happens.
appearance:noun:the act or an instance of coming into view or appearing.
sympathy:noun:kind understanding and concern for others when they are sad, suffering, or having trouble.
explanation:noun:the act or process of making clear in speech or writing.
princess:noun:a daughter or granddaughter of a king or queen.
Pelican:noun:a large water bird that lives in warm areas.
occupation:noun:the work a person does to earn a living; profession.
dinner:noun:the main meal of the day.
premium:noun:something offered as an inducement, as to buy a certain product.
search:verb:to look through very carefully in order to find something.
topic:noun:a subject of discussion or conversation.
lesson:noun:a period of instruction in a particular thing, or something that is intended to be learned or studied.
satellite:noun:a heavenly body that moves around a planet or another larger body.
flag:noun:a piece of cloth, in the shape of a rectangle or triangle, with colors and designs.
car:noun:an automobile.
voice:noun:the sounds produced through the mouth by a human being.
element:noun:a part of any whole.
Crown:noun:a covering for the head often made of gold or silver and decorated with jewels.
cottage:noun:a small house.
appeal:noun:an earnest request for help.
allocation:transitive verb:to assign or set aside (money or other resources) for some specific use.
individual:adjective:single, separate, or distinct.
historian:noun:one who writes about or is an expert on history.
gang:noun:a group of people who come together to cooperate in some activity.
Ape:noun:a mammal in the group of primates, which includes chimpanzees, gibbons, gorillas, and orangutans.
author:noun:the writer of a book, play, story, or other written work.
credit:noun:the quality or condition of being able to be believed or trusted.
Pope:noun:(often capitalized) the head of the Roman Catholic Church.
defender:verb:to protect from harm; guard.
discovery:noun:the act of discovering.
surface:noun:the outside limit or top layer of something.
stroke:noun:an act or instance of striking.
ranger:noun:a person whose work is looking after or patrolling a park, forest, or other natural area.
discount:verb:to take away from a cost or price.
repair:verb:to put in good condition again after damage has been done; fix.
commitment:noun:a pledge or obligation to fulfill an act or function.
company:noun:a business firm or organization.
geology:noun:the study of the physical structure of the earth and how it has changed over time.
carbon:noun:a chemical element found in all living things.
section:noun:any part of a whole, or a part that can be seen as distinct in some way from the whole.
climate:noun:the usual weather conditions in a place.
vision:noun:the ability to see; sight.
resort:verb:to go to or turn to for help, often as a last choice when everything else has been tried.
structure:noun:a thing made up of a number of parts joined together in a certain way.
fragment:noun:a broken-off or incomplete part.
indicator:noun:a person or object that indicates.
staff:noun:a pole or rod often used as an aid in walking or hiking; walking stick.
promotion:noun:a raise to a higher grade or position.
Impala:noun:an African antelope with long legs and reddish brown fur.
mammal:noun:a warm-blooded animal with fur or hair on its skin and a skeleton inside its body.
shape:noun:the appearance of an object as defined by its outer surface or outline; form.
Ladybug:noun:a small, round beetle that is red or orange with black spots.
support:verb:to bear.
illness:noun:the condition of being ill; sickness.
manager:noun:the person who controls a business or acts as the leader of a plan or project.
park:noun:an area of public land, as in a city, that is set aside for rest and enjoyment.
identification:noun:the act of showing who a person is or what a thing is.
trainer:noun:a person who trains people or horses so they are strong and ready for competition.
goal:noun:a result or end that a person wants and works for; aim or purpose.
tale:noun:an account of a real or made-up event; story.
Rat:noun:a small mammal with a pointed face and a very long tail.
law:noun:the set of rules that people in a society must follow.
van:noun:a closed truck or car used to move people or goods.
Devil:noun:(often capitalized) the chief spirit of evil in Christianity.
bulk:noun:a large size or mass.
approval:noun:the act of approving.
machine:noun:a device with a system of parts that work together to perform a task.
chapel:noun:a small building, or a room in a larger building, used for worship.
Flamingo:noun:a large, tropical, wading bird with very long legs, a long neck, and bright pink or red feathers.
agent:noun:a person who has been given the power to do certain actions for another person.
bone:noun:the hard tissue that forms the skeleton of a person or animal.
nose:noun:the part of the face on people and certain animals through which they breathe and smell.
advantage:noun:a better chance or position; upper hand.
application:noun:the act of putting to use.
joke:noun:a short story, usually with a funny ending, that is told to make people laugh.
Doctor:noun:a person trained and licensed to treat sick people or animals.
indication:noun:anything that indicates, such as a sign.
behavior:noun:the way a person acts or behaves.
object:noun:anything that has shape or form and can be seen or touched.
controversy:noun:a disagreement; debate.
troop:noun:a group or gathering of people, animals, or things.
margin:noun:an edge or the area near it; border.
grammar:noun:the rules for forming the words and sentences of a language.
regulation:noun:a rule or law that controls or directs people's actions.
committee:noun:a group of persons chosen to give attention to a particular matter.
alliance:noun:a group of people, countries, or groups that share certain goals and agree to work together.
sheet:noun:a large piece of cotton or linen cloth used to cover a bed.
pride:noun:an inborn feeling of self-worth.
exposure:noun:the act or process of exposing.
oil:noun:any one of the greasy liquids that come from minerals, animals, plants or chemicals.
suspicion:noun:the act or an instance of not believing or of suspecting.
earl:noun:a British nobleman of a particular rank.
exercise:noun:activity done to keep the body or mind strong or to make them stronger.
factory:noun:a building or set of buildings where products are made by machines.
proportion:noun:a part of a whole.
gear:noun:a part of a machine that causes another part to move because of teeth which connect the two moving parts.
food:noun:anything that contains nutrients and is eaten by living creatures in order to maintain life, health, and growth.
selection:noun:the act of selecting.
cliff:noun:a high, steep face of rock or earth.
plaintiff:noun:one who initiates a lawsuit against another.
concession:noun:an act or instance of yielding or conceding.
rail:noun:a bar of wood or metal that runs between two posts and serves as a fence or barrier.
butter:noun:a solid white or yellow fat made by churning cream and used for cooking and spreading on bread.
cigarette:noun:a short, narrow tube of thin paper that contains cut tobacco for smoking.
belt:noun:a strip of cloth, leather, or other material worn around the waist.
Speaker:noun:a person who speaks.
stock:noun:a supply ready for use; store.
plant:noun:one of a large group of living things that use sunlight to make their own food.
guide:verb:to direct or lead along a way that is not familiar.
Balance:noun:an instrument for weighing objects that has two flat pans hanging from or resting on a bar; scales.
toy:noun:any object that can be used in play, especially by children; plaything.
museum:noun:a building where collections of objects that are important to history, art, or science are kept and shown to the public.
poetry:noun:poems as a group.
student:noun:a person who goes to a school or college.
coin:noun:a piece of metal money that is small, flat, and round.
child:noun:a young human; baby.
position:noun:the location of a person or thing.
throat:noun:the narrow passage inside the neck.
literature:noun:writings that have lasting value.
dismissal:noun:an act or instance of dismissing.
prince:noun:the son or grandson of a king or queen.
association:noun:a group of people joined together for a common purpose or by a shared interest.
ministry:noun:the duties and functions of a religious minister.
closure:noun:the act of closing or state of being closed.
river:noun:a large natural stream of water flowing in a particular course toward a lake, ocean, or other body of water.
theory:noun:a reasonable, widely accepted explanation for why something happens.
casualty:noun:a person in the armed forces who is killed, wounded, or missing in action.
board:noun:a flat, cut piece of wood; plank.
knife:noun:a tool with a handle and a thin, sharp blade, used for cutting.
wing:noun:either of a pair of movable body parts used by birds, bats, or insects to fly.
population:noun:the people who live in an area, considered as a group.
cover:verb:to put or spread something over or on.
objection:noun:a statement of not liking or not agreeing with something.
end:noun:the point at which anything that has length starts or stops.
motor:noun:a machine that causes motion or power.
spot:noun:a mark, such as a stain, different in color from the area around it.
consumer:noun:someone who buys goods or services.
table:noun:a piece of furniture with a flat top supported by one or more legs.
route:noun:a road or course of travel from one place to another.
collector:noun:a person who collects money such as fees or taxes.
crash:verb:to strike violently while riding or moving.
smoke:noun:the visible black, gray, or white gases given off into the air by something that is burning.
hike:verb:to take a long walk in the country for fun, exercise, or training.
intention:noun:a decided course of action; plan.
instruction:noun:the act of giving knowledge; teaching.
reception:noun:the act or process of receiving.
production:noun:the act or process of making or producing.
Cow:noun:the adult female of cattle.
excrete:verb:to get rid of from the body.
kitchen:noun:a room where food is stored and cooked.
assessment:noun:the amount of a tax, fine, or the like that is assessed.
pool:noun:any small area of liquid that has collected on a surface; puddle; pond.
assistance:noun:the act of giving aid or support.
risk:noun:a chance of getting hurt or losing something.
requirement:noun:something that is needed or necessary.
smile:verb:to wear an expression on the face in which the corners of the mouth turn up and the eyes get brighter.
choice:noun:the act of picking or choosing; selection.
advertisement:noun:a public notice that tells people about products, services, or things that are happening.
weather:noun:the conditions outside at a particular place and time.
frequency:noun:the condition of happening often or being frequent.
block:noun:a solid piece of hard material, such as wood or concrete, with flat sides.
tendency:noun:the fact of being likely to move in a certain direction.
solution:noun:the act or process of solving a problem or question.
leather:noun:material made from the skin of an animal by removing the hair and tanning.
dock:noun:a raised platform that is built out into the water, or the water between two such platforms.
ceiling:noun:the top inside surface of a room.
scandal:noun:an action, situation, or behavior that seriously offends societal standards of propriety or morality.
printer:noun:a person whose job or trade is printing.
Beaver:noun:a large rodent, up to four feet long, with thick brown fur and a wide flat tail.
Hope:noun:a feeling or chance that something will happen the way one wants it to.
Energy:noun:the power or ability to make something work or be active.
cheese:noun:a food made by pressing together a mass of soft, thick soured milk solids.
possibility:noun:the fact or state of being possible.
activity:noun:the condition of being active or doing something.
delay:verb:to put off until a later time.
bus:noun:a long motor vehicle with many rows of seats used to carry large numbers of people.
removal:noun:the act or process of removing.
offer:verb:to present to be accepted or refused.
watch:verb:to look closely or carefully.
painter:noun:one who paints pictures.
general:adjective:relating to all or most of something or of some group; not limited to any particular thing or member.
context:noun:the setting of a word or phrase in speaking or writing that determines or affects its meaning.
pleasure:noun:a feeling of happiness, delight, or joy.
use:verb:to bring into service.
Lizard:noun:a reptile with rough, scaly skin, four legs, and a long tapering tail.
silk:noun:a fine, soft, shiny fiber produced by certain insects.
tundra:noun:one of the huge plains in the arctic regions of North America, Europe, and Asia.
profit:noun:the amount of money made by a business that is more than the amount put in at the start or paid out as expenses.
nursery:noun:a room where babies or young children sleep or play.
fortune:noun:a large amount of money or wealth.
column:noun:an upright structure that looks like a post.
adviser:noun:a person who gives advice.
essence:noun:that which makes something what it is; central nature.
cry:verb:to make a loud shout or yell (sometimes followed by "out").
attraction:noun:the act or power of attracting.
inspection:noun:the act or an instance of inspecting.
murder:noun:the deliberate and unlawful killing of a person.
fee:noun:an amount of money requested or paid for a service.
benefit:noun:an object, action, or sum of money that improves someone's life; aid.
total:adjective:making up or including the whole; entire; full.
refugee:noun:a person forced to leave his or her home or country to seek safety or protection.
yes:adverb:it is as you say or ask (used to express agreement or acceptance).
database:noun:a large collection of information in a computer.
coverage:noun:the amount or type of protection available against loss or liability as provided by insurance or reserve funds, or the protection itself.
Sir:noun:(often capitalized) a form of address for a man, usually used in place of his name.
generation:noun:the entire group of people who were born around the same time.
Gopher:noun:a small rodent with gray or brown fur and a short tail.
Raccoon:noun:a small mammal with brown and gray fur, a long tail with black rings, and a pointed face with black markings that look like a mask.
feature:noun:a part of the face such as the eyes, nose, or chin.
Walrus:noun:a large mammal with tusks and thick, brown skin.
classification:noun:the act or result of classifying.
Cobra:noun:a poisonous snake found in Asia and Africa.
childhood:noun:the period or state of being a child.
text:noun:the main part of a printed work, not including such things as the title, headings, and questions.
vehicle:noun:something used to carry and move people or things.
programme:noun:a plan of what will be done; schedule.
tune:noun:a specific series of pleasing musical tones; melody.
perspective:noun:a way of showing objects on the flat surface of a picture so that they seem the correct size and distance from one another.
dollar:noun:the main unit of money in the United States, Canada, and several other countries.
judgment:noun:an opinion formed after carefully studying all of the information.
Bird:noun:an animal with two wings, two feet, and a body covered with feathers.
Hall:noun:a narrow passageway in a building; corridor.
conversation:noun:talk between people.
vessel:noun:a hollow container for liquids.
consciousness:noun:the physical condition of being awake and aware.
Tree:noun:a woody plant that has a long main trunk and many branches.
administration:noun:the act of being in charge of or managing something.
incident:noun:something that happens; a single event.
moment:noun:a very short amount of time.
Conservative:adjective:wanting things to stay as they are; not favoring change.
menu:noun:a list of foods served at a restaurant.
camera:noun:a device for taking photographs.
Donkey:noun:a mammal with hooves that is closely related to the horse.
belief:noun:a strong opinion.
reward:noun:something of value that is promised to someone for good work or a good deed.
register:noun:a book used to record names, events, or other information.
producer:noun:a person or company  that makes something.
VAT:noun:a very large barrel, tub, or tank, used for holding liquids.
variable:adjective:likely to change; not constant.
Court:noun:an open space surrounded by buildings or walls; courtyard.
threat:noun:a statement that harm or punishment will follow.
holder:noun:an object used for holding.
radiation:noun:the waves of energy sent out by sources of heat or light, or by radioactive material.
Goose:noun:a water bird that looks like a duck but is usually larger, with a longer neck and legs and a more pointed bill.
basket:noun:a container made of materials such as wood strips, grass, or straw that are woven or laced together.
manner:noun:a way of doing something; style.
worm:noun:an animal with a long, thin, round or flat body.
squad:noun:a small number of persons trained to work together.
airport:noun:a large area of level land where airplanes can land and take off.
decline:verb:to refuse to do, in a polite way.
fish:noun:an animal that lives in water and has fins for swimming and gills for breathing.
federation:noun:a government or league formed by the union of several states, clubs, or other groups.
convention:noun:a formal meeting or gathering where people discuss shared interests.
rope:noun:a strong cord of twisted or woven fiber, wire, or similar material.
cloth:noun:material made by weaving threads of cotton, wool, nylon, or other fibers; fabric.
perception:noun:the ability to become aware of or know through the senses.
tree:noun:a woody plant that has a long main trunk and many branches.
merit:noun:worth or high quality.
control:verb:to use power to manage or command.
auditor:noun:one who audits record or accounts.
contest:noun:a fight or struggle to win or to be better.
couple:noun:two things of the same kind or that go together in some way.
member:noun:one of the people or things in a particular group.
blanket:noun:a thick piece of material used on a bed for warmth or worn as clothing.
faith:noun:trust or confidence.
operator:noun:someone who controls the working of a machine or the activities of a business.
danger:noun:a chance or likelihood that something bad or harmful may happen; peril; risk.
redundancy:noun:the state or quality of being redundant.
Moose:noun:the largest kind of deer.
Sea lion:noun:a mammal that spends most of its life in the ocean.
passage:noun:a way through which something can pass; corridor; channel.
difference:noun:the condition of being different from or not like.
talk:verb:to use spoken words.
fiction:noun:writing that tells a story made up in a writer's imagination.
pressure:noun:a steady force upon a surface.
mechanism:noun:the whole or parts of a machine, mechanical system, or device.
capitalism:noun:an economic system in which land, factories, and other resources are owned by individuals instead of the government.
class:noun:a group of people or things that are similar in certain ways.
barrier:noun:something that blocks the way such as a fence or wall.
dark:adjective:having little or no light.
bottom:noun:the lowest or deepest part of something.
island:noun:an area of land smaller than a continent and surrounded by water on all sides.
dance:verb:to move the feet and body in a rhythmic way, usually to music.
energy:noun:the power or ability to make something work or be active.
house:noun:a building with connected rooms in which people of the same family or group live.
constituency:noun:the body of voters from a district represented by an elected official.
link:noun:one of the separate closed pieces of a chain.
Wood:noun:the hard material lying under the bark that makes up the trunk and branches of a tree.
gardening:noun:an area of land used for growing flowers or vegetables.
theme:noun:the main subject or topic.
mortgage:noun:a written agreement by which a bank or other institution agrees to lend money so that one can buy a property.
DNA:abbreviation:a substance found in cells that contains information about the characteristics of a living thing.
problem:noun:a question or condition that is difficult to understand or to deal with.
copy:noun:something that looks exactly like another.
uniform:adjective:always the same; never changing.
ratio:noun:a relation or comparison between numbers or things based on amount or degree.
extension:noun:the act of extending or condition of being extended.
grip:noun:a firm grasp.
pensioner:noun:someone who receives a regular payment because of retirement or disability; person who collects a pension.
grass:noun:a green plant with narrow pointed leaves and stems with joints.
golf:noun:a game played on a large outdoor course with small holes in the ground spaced far apart.
Peacock:noun:a male peafowl.
run:verb:to make oneself go forward by moving the legs very quickly.
variety:noun:change or difference; diversity.
enthusiasm:noun:a strong interest in something.
engineer:noun:one who is trained in the use or design of machines or engines, or in other technologies.
professional:adjective:of or having to do with a certain job or work.
mood:noun:the way a person feels at a certain time.
arrest:verb:to slow down; block; stop.
deck:noun:the floor on a ship or boat.
heart:noun:the organ that pumps blood through the body of a person or animal.
demand:verb:to ask for forcefully; order.
critic:noun:anyone who judges or evaluates.
deputy:noun:a person appointed to assist and sometimes act in the place of someone else.
flame:noun:the mixture of burning gas and vapor that rises from an object that is on fire.
charity:noun:something given to a person or persons in need.
carriage:noun:a vehicle with wheels that is covered or enclosed and is used for carrying people.
isle:noun:an island.
efficiency:noun:the state of being efficient.
mirror:noun:a smooth surface that reflects an image of whatever is in front of it.
Angle:noun:the figure made by two lines coming from a single point.
representative:noun:a person who speaks or acts for a group or community.
pond:noun:a small body of still water.
learn:verb:to get to know or gain knowledge of through study or experience.
gas:noun:a form of matter that is neither liquid nor solid.
road:noun:a long, narrow course, with a smooth surface for vehicles and people to travel on from one place to another; street.
disease:noun:a condition that causes harm to the health of a person, animal, or plant; illness; sickness.
patient:noun:a person or animal that is getting medical treatment.
crisis:noun:the point or moment just before a very important change.
marriage:noun:the state of two people being joined by law, having pledged to be faithful to one another all their lives as a couple.
dose:noun:an amount of medicine to be taken at one time or at certain times.
Agriculture:noun:the science and work of raising crops and farm animals; farming.
partner:noun:a person who shares in an activity with another person.
technique:noun:the particular method or way of doing or performing something.
establishment:noun:the act of establishing.
CAT:noun:a small, furry mammal with whiskers, short ears, and a long tail.
entry:noun:an act or instance of entering; entrance.
delight:noun:great pleasure or joy.
form:noun:structure or shape.
compensation:noun:something given in return for or to make up for something else.
success:noun:a person or thing that does or goes well.
corridor:noun:a hall or passageway.
telephone:noun:a device used to send sound or some other signal over long distances by wire or radio waves.
truth:noun:agreement with the facts or what is real.
South:noun:the direction to the right of a person facing the rising sun.
horror:noun:a great and painful feeling of fear or shock.
parent:noun:a mother or a father.
habit:noun:a regular action; routine.
origin:noun:the point or place from which something comes; source.
course:noun:progress from one point to another; movement.
airplane:noun:a machine that can fly because of the force of air upon its wings; plane.
scout:noun:a person, ship, or plane sent to spy or gather information.
bathroom:noun:a room with a toilet and often a sink or bathtub.
right:adjective:in keeping with what is fair and good.
coup:noun:a brilliant and successful action or maneuver.
review:noun:an article in a newspaper or magazine that judges the worth of a recent book, film, play, or other work of art.
code:noun:a set of rules or laws.
cycle:noun:a circle of events that repeats in a regular pattern.
sight:noun:the ability to see; vision.
dialogue:noun:a talk between two or more people or between characters in a play, film, or novel.
gap:noun:a space or opening made by or as if by breaking or separating.
address:noun:a formal speech or talk.
instance:noun:a case, example or occasion.
charcoal:noun:the solid, black form of carbon made by burning wood or other matter in a space with very little oxygen.
definition:noun:the statement of the meaning of a word or phrase.
execution:noun:the act of executing or carrying out.
speculation:noun:the act or process of thinking, wondering, or guessing about something.
anniversary:noun:the date each year that is the same date on which a wedding or other important event happened.
distance:noun:the measure of space between things, places, or points in time.
tutor:noun:a person who gives private instruction to a student.
abuse:verb:to use in a way that is wrong or bad; misuse.
Whale:noun:a very large mammal that lives in the water.
organ:noun:a musical instrument with a keyboard.
Land:noun:the solid part of the earth's surface.
rise:verb:to stand after lying, kneeling, or sitting.
ownership:noun:the state or fact of being an owner.
million:noun:the word for the number represented by the Arabic numeral 1,000,000.
sea:noun:the salt water covering most of the earth; ocean.
evidence:noun:something that gives proof or a reason to believe.
response:noun:a written or spoken answer; reply.
blue:noun:the color of a clear sky; the color between green and violet on the color spectrum.
command:verb:to order or instruct.
input:noun:information that is put into a computer.
Falcon:noun:a bird with long, powerful wings and a hooked beak.
Assumption:noun:something that is supposed or believed without questioning.
retirement:noun:the act of retiring.
daughter:noun:a person's female child.
graduate:noun:a person who has finished studying at high school or college.
motive:noun:an idea, need, desire, or impulse that causes a person to act in a particular way or do a particular thing; reason.
residence:noun:a house or any other place where one lives; home.
grain:noun:the small hard seeds of cereal plants such as wheat or rice.
mollusk:noun:an animal in a large group of invertebrates or animals without backbones.
household:noun:the group of people, such as a family, that lives in a particular house.
spirit:noun:a force that is thought to be a part of human beings; soul.
sign:noun:something that shows or demonstrates a fact, event, or quality; indication.
expansion:noun:the act or process of expanding, or the condition of being expanded.
conduct:noun:the way one acts; behavior.
part:noun:a separate piece or section of a whole.
Hippopotamus:noun:a very large, round mammal that has short legs with hooves and thick skin with almost no hair.
autonomy:noun:freedom and independence; self-governance.
group:noun:a collection of people, things, or ideas that are in one place or are related by characteristics; cluster.
reform:noun:the changing of wrong or bad conditions to make them better.
executive:noun:a person who has a managing or directing role in a business or government.
Blue Jay:noun:a common jay bird of eastern North America.
resignation:noun:the act of giving up a job or other position, or a formal letter announcing this.
Gorilla:noun:a very large ape that lives in African forests.
animal:noun:one of a large group of living things that can move around by themselves to find food.
mummy:noun:a dead body that has been preserved with special chemicals and wrapped in cloth.
category:noun:a particular section of a main group; class.
circle:noun:a closed curve made up of points that are all the same distance from a fixed center point.
weakness:noun:the quality or condition of being weak.
shower:noun:a fall of rain that lasts a short time.
boy:noun:a male child or teenager.
birth:noun:the act or fact of being born.
equity:noun:the quality of being fair and reasonable; fairness.
disability:noun:the condition or state of being unable to do certain things, especially when caused by an injury, illness, or other medical condition.
hospital:noun:a place where sick or hurt people go to find care or help.
trade:noun:the act of exchanging or buying and selling goods.
curve:noun:a line that bends smoothly in one direction without any straight parts or angles.
deposit:verb:to hand over to a bank or other safe place.
dad:noun:(informal) father.
server:noun:a person who serves food.
horizon:noun:the line where the earth and the sky appear to meet.
panel:noun:a section of a door, wall, or other surface that is set apart from the area around it by being raised, sunken, or decorated.
disk:noun:any thin, flat, round object, or one that appears flat and round.
culture:noun:the language, customs, ideas, and art of a particular group of people.
ability:noun:the power to do something; the quality of being able.
source:noun:the start or cause of something.
dimension:noun:size as measured in length, width, or depth.
figure:noun:a number or other written symbol that is not a letter of the alphabet.
institution:noun:an organization set up for a specific purpose, usually serving the public.
estate:noun:a piece of land with a large house on it.
heel:noun:the rounded, back part of the human foot, or a part like it in an animal.
cell:noun:a tiny unit of plant or animal life, having a nucleus and surrounded by a very thin membrane.
Zebra:noun:a large mammal with a striped coat, long legs, and hooves.
God:noun:a being that is worshipped and believed to have special powers over nature or life.
mountain:noun:a land mass with great height and steep sides that is higher than a hill.
prison:noun:a building for holding and punishing people who have broken the law.
lunch:noun:a meal eaten in the middle of the day, or any light meal during the day.
lung:noun:one of two organs in the chest that are used in breathing.
morals:adjective:having to do with what is right and what is wrong in how a person acts.
discrimination:noun:the act of seeing differences or distinguishing.
clash:verb:to strike together with force, making a loud noise.
rain:noun:drops of water that form in the clouds and fall from the sky to the earth.
extent:noun:the area or amount to which something extends; reach or range.
aim:verb:to point carefully with the hope of hitting something or someone.
dinosaur:noun:one of a group of extinct animals.
reptile:noun:a cold-blooded animal with a skeleton inside its body and dry scales or hard plates on its skin.
bishop:noun:a clergyman who holds a high position in certain Christian churches.
hate:verb:to dislike very strongly; detest.
finish:verb:to reach or cause the end of; complete.
parliament:noun:a group of people who make the laws for a country.
Cheetah:noun:a large, wild cat of Africa and southern Asia that has solid black spots on its fur.
symptom:noun:a sign of something.
lumberjack:noun:a person whose work is to cut down trees and deliver them to a lumber mill.
sense:noun:any of five ways to understand or experience one's surroundings.
enemy:noun:one who hates or wants to harm another.
Lord:noun:a person who rules.
airline:noun:a system of transportation that allows people to fly from one place to another, or a business that owns and operates the equipment to do this.
scene:noun:the place where any event takes place.
witness:verb:to watch or be present at.
objective:noun:a goal or purpose that a person works to achieve; aim.
request:noun:the act of asking for something.
hour:noun:a unit of time equal to sixty minutes.
rubbish:noun:material that is thrown away or useless; garbage.
Price:noun:the sum of money needed to buy an item or service.
pattern:noun:an arrangement of shapes, lines, letters, numbers, or colors that can be repeated or used again and again.
direction:noun:control or guidance.
role:noun:the character played by an actor.
concentration:noun:the act or process of concentrating, or the state of being concentrated.
Chain:noun:a row of links, usually made of metal, that are joined together and used to pull, hold, or fasten something.
answer:noun:a reply.
Farmer:noun:a person who owns or runs a farm.
alternative:noun:one of two or more choices.
edge:noun:a line where two surfaces meet.
eye:noun:the organ of the body that gives animals sight, and the area close around it.
purchase:verb:to get by paying money for; buy.
musician:noun:a person skilled at playing, singing, or writing music.
successor:noun:a person or thing that comes after or follows another.
recognition:noun:the act of realizing that one knows someone or something.
dust:noun:tiny, dry pieces of soil, dirt, or other material.
builder:noun:someone or something that builds, especially a person who makes buildings such as houses.
knee:noun:the joint between the upper and lower parts of a human leg.
import:verb:to bring in from another country, especially as something to be sold.
care:noun:serious attention.
minority:noun:a part or amount that is less than half the total.
thousand:noun:the word for the the Arabic numeral 1000 and the Roman numeral M.
campaign:noun:a series of planned actions carried out in order to reach a particular goal.
crystal:noun:a clear kind of rock that has a regular shape.
SALT:noun:a white substance that is found in sea water and in the earth.
Monkey:noun:a small mammal that is one of the primates.
gender:noun:the sex of a person or animal.
degree:noun:a stage or step in a course of action.
poll:noun:the collection and counting of votes in an election.
Alpaca:noun:an animal with long legs and a long neck.
tin:noun:a soft, light gray metal that is one of the chemical elements.
harbour:noun:a sheltered area of water where boats can be anchored.
Wave:noun:a moving ridge or swell on the surface of a body of water.
probability:noun:the condition or fact that something might happen.
initiative:noun:the power, energy, or ability to organize or accomplish something.
reason:noun:a cause or explanation for an action, opinion, or event.
firewood:noun:wood that is burned for cooking or heating.
smell:verb:to sense the odor of by means of the nose.
Anaconda:noun:a very large snake found in South America.
noise:noun:sound or a sound.
integration:noun:the process of bringing all parts together into a whole.
province:noun:one of the divisions of some countries, each with its own government.
relationship:noun:the condition or fact of being related or connected.
option:noun:the right, power, or freedom to choose.
Treasury:noun:the money of a club, business, government, or other group.
violence:noun:a strong force that can harm or damage.
kingdom:noun:a country that is ruled by a king or queen.
log:noun:a large, thick piece of a tree that has been cut down and is ready for sawing, burning, or building.
chicken:noun:a common farm bird that is raised for its meat and eggs.
shoe:noun:a protective covering for the human foot, often made of leather or canvas.
Octopus:noun:a sea animal with a soft, rounded body and eight long tentacles.
winner:noun:one that wins or is likely to win or succeed.
advance:verb:to move or send forward.
outcome:noun:a result of something.
lane:noun:a narrow passage, as between hedges, walls, or buildings.
density:noun:the state or condition of having parts very close together with little space between.
creature:noun:a living person or animal.
newspaper:noun:a publication made of several large sheets of folded paper printed with news, opinions, advertisements, and other information.
skirt:noun:a piece of clothing that hangs from the waist and is worn by a woman or girl.
channel:noun:a long, narrow body of water that joins two larger bodies of water.
cost:noun:the amount of money charged or paid for something.
sensation:noun:a condition of being aware of something or feeling something by means of one of the senses.
secret:adjective:kept from being seen or known by others; private.
Fox:noun:a wild mammal that has a pointed nose, pointed ears, and a bushy tail.
people:noun:human beings; persons.
clock:noun:a device, other than a watch, for measuring and showing the time.
government:noun:the power to make laws and important decisions that control or affect all people living in a community, state, or nation.
home:noun:the place where a person or animal lives.
brick:noun:a hard block of dried or baked clay used as a building material.
acceptance:noun:the act of accepting something that is given.
photograph:noun:a picture made by using a camera that records an image on a surface that is sensitive to light.
arrangement:noun:the act of putting things in order or in some particular way that is desired.
error:noun:a mistake in thought or action; something that is wrong.
cheque:noun:a test or search to make sure that something is correct or in order.
change:verb:to make different; alter the content or form of.
shame:noun:a painful feeling brought about by the knowledge that one has done something wrong or not proper.
statement:noun:something stated in words.
user:noun:one that uses.
fat:noun:a white or yellow oily substance found in some parts of animals or plants.
observation:noun:the act or an instance of perceiving the environment through one of the senses.
unit:noun:a single thing that is one of a group of similar things.
addition:noun:the act or process of adding.
computer:noun:an electronic device that is used to store and sort information and work with data at a high speed.
hygiene:noun:the practice of keeping clean to stay healthy and prevent disease.
flow:verb:to move in a smooth, steady stream.
mouse:noun:a very small mammal with gray or brown fur.
afternoon:noun:the period between noon and evening.
directory:noun:a list of names and addresses of people or businesses.
layer:noun:a thickness of something that is spread over a surface.
military:adjective:having to do with war.
provision:noun:the act of giving something needed; providing.
hypothesis:noun:a prediction or educated guess that can be tested and can be used to guide further study.
character:noun:all those things that make a person, place, or thing different from others.
buyer:verb:to get in return for paying money; purchase.
burden:noun:something that is carried or difficult to bear.
council:noun:a group of persons gathered together to discuss or make decisions about public matters.
organization:noun:the act or process of organizing.
disorder:noun:lack of order or arrangement.
leaflet:noun:a printed piece of paper that is usually given to people free of charge.
beam:noun:a long, strong piece of wood or metal used to support floors, ceilings or roofs.
thing:noun:that which is spoken of, thought of, or done.
Cuckoo:noun:a bird of Europe and America with a slim body and a long tail.
regime:noun:a system of rule or government.
camper:noun:a person who stays at a camp or goes camping.
breast:noun:the front part of the body between the neck and the stomach; chest.
worry:verb:to feel anxious, troubled, or uneasy.
curriculum:noun:the courses offered at a school or in a particular area of study.
strategy:noun:a plan, method, or series of actions meant to perform a particular goal or effect.
Monitor lizard:noun:see monitor.
penalty:noun:a punishment given for breaking a law, rule, or  agreement.
festival:noun:a ceremony or celebration that repeats, often once a year, and involves special activities or amusements.
molecule:noun:the smallest unit of a substance that has all the properties of that substance.
impression:noun:a strong feeling, idea, or opinion that comes from experience with something.
Bobcat:noun:a wild cat with red-brown fur, tufted ears, and a short tail.
weapon:noun:an object or device used to attack or defend.
departure:noun:the act or an occasion of leaving or going away.
constituent:adjective:forming a part of something.
phenomenon:noun:a happening or fact that can be seen or known through the senses.
insect:noun:a very small animal with a hard covering over its body.
contribution:noun:the act of contributing.
jungle:noun:land covered with many trees, vines, and bushes; a tropical rain forest.
dozen:noun:a group of twelve.
acid:noun:a chemical substance that dissolves in water, has a sour taste, and turns blue litmus paper red.
competition:noun:the process or act of trying to win.
restriction:noun:something that limits or restricts.
liability:noun:the condition of or potential for being held responsible.
specification:noun:the act of specifying.
diamond:noun:a clear mineral that is a crystal form of pure carbon.
minister:noun:a person authorized to perform or help at the religious services of some religions.
valley:noun:a long area of low land between mountains or hills.
crack:verb:to break apart with a snapping sound.
slope:verb:to slant up or down.
editor:noun:a person who reads and corrects materials for publication.
function:noun:the purpose or role that an object or a person fulfills or is suited for.
blade:noun:the cutting part of a knife, sword, scissors, or saw.
guilt:noun:the fact of having done something wrong or having broken a law.
remedy:noun:something used to take away pain or heal a disease.
church:noun:a building used for public Christian religious services.
dress:noun:a piece of clothing usually worn by girls or women.
raid:noun:a sudden, surprise attack.
commissioner:noun:the head of a government department.
gold:noun:a soft, heavy, yellow metal that is one of the chemical elements.
councillor:noun:someone who belongs to a council.
Opposition:noun:the act or state of being against, or the state of having someone against another.
effort:noun:the action of physical or mental energy.
passenger:noun:a person who is not driving, but travels in an automobile, bus, train, or other vehicle.
magazine:noun:a printed collection of stories, pictures, articles, and advertisements.
folk:noun:a group of people who come from the same country and share the same kind of life.
leader:noun:one that leads or guides.
accuracy:noun:the condition of being accurate.
adventure:noun:a journey or activity that is dangerous or exciting.
border:noun:edge; boundary.
Bison:noun:a very large mammal with a large head, humped shoulders, and short curved horns.
characteristic:adjective:having to do with a typical or special quality of a person, group, action, or thing.
fashion:noun:the style of clothes or way of acting that is popular.
confusion:noun:the act of confusing or state of being confused.
gallery:noun:an upper floor which opens over a theater or large hall; balcony.
Wolf:noun:a wild mammal that has a pointed nose, pointed ears, and a bushy tail.
plate:noun:a flat, round dish from which food is served or eaten; the food on such a dish.
proposal:noun:a suggested plan.
space:noun:the area that contains the entire material world and its events.
suicide:noun:the act of killing oneself on purpose.
monarchy:noun:a nation or government ruled by or in the name of a king or queen.
assignment:noun:an assigned task, such as a job or lesson.
atmosphere:noun:the gases surrounding the earth or other similar objects in outer space.
businessman:noun:a man who works in business, especially in a high position at a company.
bag:noun:a soft container made of cloth, paper, or leather, used to hold things; sack; pouch.
punishment:noun:a penalty for doing something wrong.
battery:noun:a device that makes electricity by using chemical reactions.
digestion:noun:the process by which the stomach and intestines change food into a form that the body can use as energy.
disappointment:noun:the act of disappointing.
debt:noun:something owed to another person.
dictionary:noun:a book, or a source of information found on a computer, that lists the words of a language in alphabetical order, along with information about their meaning, spelling, and pronunciation.
evolution:noun:the process of changing and adapting to an environment over time.
discretion:noun:the freedom or authority to use one's own judgment.
potato:noun:a kind of thick, underground plant stem that is eaten as a vegetable.
attempt:verb:to try or seek.
fence:noun:a structure used to mark off an area or to keep animals or people in or out.
Bath:noun:the act of washing or soaking something in order to clean, refresh, or heal.
Worth:preposition:good or important enough for.
appendix:noun:a section at the end of a book or magazine article that gives more information.
Condor:noun:one of two kinds of vultures that are the largest flying birds of the Western Hemisphere.
asset:noun:something useful or valuable.
funeral:noun:a ceremony for a dead person.
value:noun:the worth, importance, or usefulness of something.
Restoration:noun:the act or process of restoring.
Son:noun:a person's male child.
station:noun:the place where a person or thing is normally found.
vote:noun:a formal expression of a choice in an election or other group decision.
companion:noun:one who spends time with another or others.
commonwealth:noun:a state or nation governed by the people.
Heaven:noun:(usually plural) the sky, including the stars, sun, moon, and planets as seen from the earth.
purchaser:verb:to get by paying money for; buy.
authority:noun:the right or power to give orders, make decisions, or control people.
dream:noun:a series of pictures or visions that a sleeping person experiences.
matter:noun:all substances that contain atoms and take up space.
range:noun:the two points or limits between which something can vary, or the distance between the limits.
drama:noun:a story written so that it can be acted out for an audience; play.
foot:noun:the end part of the leg of humans and other animals, on which the body stands and walks.
legislature:noun:a group of people within a government that has the power to make or change laws.
Crane:noun:a tall wading bird with long legs and a long neck and bill.
distinction:noun:a mark or feature that makes someone or something different.
Book:noun:sheets of paper bound together between two covers.
Volunteer:noun:a person who offers to work or help without pay.
Justice:noun:the upholding of what is fair, just, and right.
deficit:noun:The amount by which something is less than what is needed.
Constitution:noun:the set of basic laws by which a nation, state, or other organization is governed.
routine:noun:a regular course of action.
specialist:noun:a person who has knowledge or is an expert in a single area of study.
nurse:noun:a person who is trained to care for sick and injured people.
foundation:noun:the basis of something such as an action, substance, structure, or opinion.
Bedbug:noun:a small wingless bloodsucking insect that sometimes infests human dwellings and beds.
carpet:noun:a heavy fabric covering for floors.
index:noun:an alphabetical list of subjects, names, or other information in a book, with page numbers given for each item.
award:verb:to give as a prize or honor.
observer:noun:someone who watches and listens at an event such as a meeting but does not participate in it.
endangered species:noun:a species of plant or animal that is in danger of becoming extinct.
resource:noun:a source of help or support.
therapy:noun:treatment meant to cure a disease or heal an injury.
while:noun:a period of time.
anger:noun:a strong emotion brought on by a person or thing that causes one great pain or trouble.
play:noun:activity that is meant to relax or amuse.
dealer:noun:a person whose job is to buy and sell.
tongue:noun:the movable organ in the bottom of the mouth, used for licking, tasting, swallowing, and human speech.
health:noun:the condition of one's body or mind.
load:noun:an amount of something carried.
alcohol:noun:a clear liquid that burns easily and can be made from certain grains and fruits.
attack:verb:to begin to cause harm to.
Union:noun:the act of uniting.
study:noun:the act of using the mind to learn.
shoulder:noun:the part of the human body between the neck and the upper arm.
nature:noun:basic character and qualities of a person or thing.
button:noun:a small round flat disk that fastens clothing by fitting through a slit or loop.
meat:noun:the flesh of animals when used as food.
ticket:noun:a small, narrow slip of paper or thin cardboard that shows that one has paid for something.
area:noun:a place or region.
beauty:noun:the quality of being pleasant to the senses or beautiful; loveliness.
estimate:verb:to make a careful guess about the amount, size, or worth of.
pet:noun:a tame animal people keep in their homes as a companion or for pleasure.
kiss:verb:to touch or press with the lips as a sign of love, friendship, passion, or respect.
concert:noun:a musical or dance performance before an audience; recital.
fungus:noun:one of a large group of living things that appear similar to plants but cannot make their own food using sunlight in the way plants do.
trend:noun:a general course, direction, or tendency.
subsidiary:adjective:assisting or supplementing.
Blue Whale:noun:a mammal that lives in the ocean.
sum:noun:the number or amount that comes from adding two or more numbers.
tray:noun:a flat, open piece of wood, metal, or plastic used to carry, hold, or display food, drink, or small items.
fault:noun:something wrong with a thing or person that causes problems for someone or something else.
division:noun:the act of dividing or separating into parts.
defendant:noun:one who is accused or sued in a court of law.
condition:noun:a state of being or existence.
bid:verb:to say to.
queen:noun:a female ruler of a country who is not elected but whose mother, father, or relative was the ruler before her.
university:noun:a large school, where people both learn and do research.
complex:adjective:difficult to understand.
television:noun:the process of sending pictures through the air as electrical waves over distances to be seen on a screen; TV.
world:noun:the universe; everything that exists.
episode:noun:one event in a series of events in a person's life or a story.
week:noun:a unit of time equal to seven days.
session:noun:a meeting or set of meetings of a court or a government council.
guarantee:noun:a promise, especially in writing, that something one has bought will work properly.
Tory:noun:a member of the Conservative party in Canada and Great Britain.
chair:noun:a piece of furniture for one person to sit on.
tie:verb:to fasten, secure, or bind with a cord or string.
power:noun:the ability to act, cause, or function.
Mosquito:noun:an insect with a thin body and two wings.
Bell:noun:a hollow metal cup that makes a ringing sound when struck.
sky:noun:the air or space above the earth which appears to arch over it.
Bush:noun:a low plant with many woody branches; shrub.
depth:noun:the condition or quality of being deep.
volcano:noun:an opening in the earth's crust through which melted rock, ash, and gases are forced out.
directive:adjective:providing direction or indication.
audit:noun:an often official examination of records or financial accounts to check their accuracy, or the report of such an examination.
Baboon:noun:a large monkey that has a long snout like a dog's.
panic:noun:a sudden terror that often causes wild behavior and spreads to many other individuals.
freedom:noun:the condition of being free or freed; liberty.
specimen:noun:a part or example used to represent a larger whole.
truck:noun:a large motor vehicle used for carrying heavy loads.
body:noun:all the physical material that makes up a person or animal, including limbs, organs, tissue, and other parts.
limitation:noun:that which confines or restricts.
affair:noun:an event, matter, or happening.
impact:noun:the force of two objects hitting or crashing into each other.
Polar bear:noun:a large bear with thick white fur that lives in arctic areas.
exchange:verb:to give in return for something else; trade.
equation:noun:a statement in arithmetic that uses an equal sign to show the equality of two quantities.
subject:noun:the topic of what is said, written, or studied.
Frog:noun:a small, jumping animal with smooth, moist skin, long back legs, webbed feet, and no tail.
title:noun:a name of a book, film, play, piece of music, or other work of art.
community:noun:a particular area where a group of people live.
package:noun:an object or bundle that is packed, wrapped, or boxed; bundle.
trader:noun:a person who buys and sells; dealer; merchant.
trustee:noun:a person holding and administering property in the interests of a beneficiary.
premise:noun:a statement that forms the basis of an argument and that is usually accepted.
front:noun:the most forward part or side of something.
tea:noun:an evergreen bush that bears white flowers and that grows mainly in Asia.
soldier:noun:a person who serves in the army and who is not an officer.
sample:noun:a small part of something that shows what the whole is like.
amendment:noun:an official change made to a bill, law, or other document.
receipt:noun:the act or fact of receiving.
mind:noun:the part of a person that thinks, understands, remembers, directs, and feels.
Barracuda:noun:a fish that lives in warm ocean water and has a long body.
complexity:noun:the state or condition of being complex or complicated.
struggle:verb:to resist by waving the arms and legs and wriggling the body.
ghost:noun:the spirit of a person who has died, especially one that is believed to haunt a place or living people.
shadow:noun:the dark image cast on some surface by a person or thing blocking the light of the sun or another source of light.
adult:adjective:having grown up; mature.
improvement:noun:the act of improving or the condition of being improved.
Armadillo:noun:a mammal whose body is protected by hard, bony plates.
exhibition:noun:an act of exhibiting, or something that is exhibited.
workshop:noun:a room or building in which a particular kind of work is done, usually involving manual or mechanical skills.
piece:noun:a section or part separated from the whole.
SHAPE:noun:the appearance of an object as defined by its outer surface or outline; form.
first aid:noun:emergency medical help given to a hurt or sick person while waiting for a doctor.
absence:noun:the fact or condition of being away or not present.
significance:noun:great value; importance.
Christian:adjective:of, concerning, or coming from the person, actions, or words of Jesus Christ, or the religion based on his teachings.
profile:noun:an outline or view of something from the side.
cloud:noun:a white or gray mass of fine drops of water or ice high in the earth's atmosphere.
treaty:noun:a formal agreement between two or more countries.
citizen:noun:a person who is a member of a country either because of being born there or being declared a member by law.
fool:noun:a person who does not have good sense or judgment.
description:noun:the act of using words to tell others what something is or was like.
Darling:noun:a person who is loved very much by the person speaking.
Hummingbird:noun:a tiny, brightly colored bird with a long, slender bill and narrow wings that beat very rapidly.
conservation:noun:the act of keeping and protecting from waste, loss, or destruction.
leg:noun:one of the body parts of an animal or human that is used for standing and walking.
Antelope:noun:an animal with horns, a long neck, long legs, and hooves.
rain forest:noun:a dense evergreen forest, mostly found in tropical areas, that receives a large amount of rain all year long.
drive:verb:to cause to move by force; push.
bottle:noun:a container with a narrow neck and no handle used to hold or pour liquids.
spring:verb:to move upward quickly or suddenly; jump.
hundred:noun:the word for the Arabic numeral 100 and by the Roman numeral C.
sake:noun:reason; purpose.
season:noun:one of the four parts of the year; spring, summer, fall, and winter.
sphere:noun:a round, solid figure in which every point on the surface is an equal distance from the center.
chemical:adjective:of or having to do with the science of chemistry.
taste:verb:to experience and recognize the flavor of by putting into the mouth.
forest:noun:a large area of land covered with many trees and other plants.
tragedy:noun:a disaster; a very sad event.
history:noun:everything that has happened in the past to people or things, or a telling of these events.
site:noun:the location or proposed location of a town, city, building, or event.
hat:noun:a covering for the head worn for warmth, protection, or decoration.
diagram:noun:a drawing or plan that shows the parts of  something or how the parts work together.
insight:noun:the power to understand deep meanings or truths.
Buffalo:noun:a large mammal that has long legs, hooves, and horns, and that is closely related to cattle.
collection:noun:the act of collecting.
shirt:noun:a piece of clothing for the upper part of the body.
sculpture:noun:the art or craft of making statues or other objects by carving, chiseling, or molding.
sentence:noun:a complete unit of words in either writing or speech with a clear beginning and a full stop.
creditor:noun:someone to whom money is owed.
thinking:verb:to use the power of the mind.
abbey:noun:a religious place or building where monks or nuns live.
past:adjective:gone by in time; ended.
avenue:noun:a wide street.
time:noun:the system in which events appear to happen one after the next in a way that can never be turned back; the past, present, and future.
Grasshopper:noun:an insect with long, powerful hind legs for jumping and two pairs of wings.
copper:noun:a reddish brown metal that is one of the chemical elements.
practice:noun:the doing of some activity many times to become skilled at it.
disadvantage:noun:a condition or situation that makes it more difficult to succeed.
Aphid:noun:a small insect that eats by sucking the juices of plants.
composition:noun:the act of composing.
argument:noun:a discussion by people who disagree.
display:verb:to cause to be seen; show.
tonne:noun:a unit of weight equal to one thousand kilograms.
tank:noun:a large container used to hold liquid or gas.
score:noun:the record of the total points earned in a game or test.
help:verb:to aid or assist.
turn:verb:to cause to move around a center point.
apple:noun:a firm, round fruit with juicy white flesh and red, green, or yellow skin.
tide:noun:the change in the height of the surface of oceans and other large bodies of water that happens about every twelve hours.
mixture:noun:something that is made by two or more things that are mixed together.
innovation:noun:a new idea, product, or way to do something.
diagnosis:noun:the act or process of finding out the nature of an illness or injury by examining its signs and symptoms.
heat:noun:a form of energy, or the state of being very warm; hotness; warmth.
canal:noun:a channel of water made by humans for boat transportation or for bringing water to crops.
compound:adjective:made up of two or more parts or elements.
edition:noun:one of a series of printings of the same published work.
break:verb:to cause to come apart into pieces; smash.
Grass:noun:a green plant with narrow pointed leaves and stems with joints.
supporter:noun:one who agrees with an idea, person, or group and wants it to succeed.
emergency:noun:a serious situation or sudden crisis that calls for fast action.
restaurant:noun:a place where meals are prepared and served to customers.
gene:noun:a tiny section of a chromosome.
Colony:noun:a place where a group of people come to settle which is under the control of their home country.
Education:noun:the act or work of learning or training.
bastard:noun:a child of unmarried parents; illegitimate child.
chest:noun:the upper front part of the body between the neck and waist.
certificate:noun:a statement on paper that shows or proves that certain facts are true.
outline:noun:a line or shape showing the outside edge of a figure or object.
Badger:noun:a furry mammal with short legs and a long body.
reader:noun:a person who reads.
symbol:noun:an object or picture that represents something else.
assurance:noun:a statement meant to give confidence.
look:verb:to use the eyes to see.
muscle:noun:tissue in the body of animals and humans that moves parts of the body.
shore:noun:the land beside an ocean, sea, lake, or river.
policeman:noun:a man who is a member of a police force.
model:noun:an example that should be copied or an ideal that others are compared to.
revenue:noun:money gained from selling property or investing money.
myth:noun:a story or group of stories that form part of the traditional knowledge of a society.
string:noun:a cord or thin rope.
development:noun:the act of developing or bringing to a completed state.
mate:noun:a marriage partner; husband or wife.
gain:verb:to get.
lorry:noun:a British word for a large vehicle used for transporting goods or materials.
Sister:noun:a female having the same parents as another person.
medium:noun:a substance that is a means of passing on a force or an effect.
pollution:noun:an act or instance of polluting.
grade:noun:a level, degree, or rank in a scale.
side:noun:one of the surfaces of an object.
expectation:noun:the act of waiting for or looking forward to.
compromise:noun:a settlement of a disagreement in which each side gives up something, or the result of such a settlement.
Cross:noun:an upright line or pole with a horizontal one across it.
wonder:verb:to feel admiration, surprise, or amazement (often followed by "at").
boss:noun:a person who gives directions to workers and watches over their work.
French:adjective:of or having to do with France, or its people, culture, or language.
determination:noun:the quality of having a firm goal or being determined.
imagination:noun:the act or power of the mind to form a thought, picture, or image of something or someone that is not present to the senses.
circumstance:noun:a condition or fact connected with or having an effect on an event or situation.
face:noun:the front part of the head from the forehead to the chin and from ear to ear.
notion:noun:an idea, opinion, or view.
Catfish:noun:a  fish with no scales and a large head, found mostly in fresh water.
bonus:noun:a payment added to a person's regular pay as a reward for hard work.
licence:noun:legal permission to do something, or the document that proves it.
glory:noun:great honor, praise, or fame.
instrument:noun:a tool or mechanical device used for special work.
toilet:noun:a bowl that is filled with water and that has a seat and a drain.
kettle:noun:a wide, deep pot used for boiling liquids, such as water or soup.
cake:noun:a sweet, baked food made of flour, eggs, sugar, and flavoring.
jury:noun:a group of people called to a court of law who listen to the facts of a case and decide its outcome.
screen:noun:a closely woven wire mesh.
negotiation:noun:(often plural) discussions meant to help people agree on something.
lease:noun:an agreement for living in or using another person's property in exchange for money or something else of value.
leadership:noun:ability or skill as a leader.
future:noun:time that is yet to come.
cause:noun:something or someone that brings about a result or effect.
engine:noun:a machine that uses energy from fuel or electricity to do work, such as to move.
Crab:noun:an animal with a wide, flat body covered by a hard shell.
fate:noun:the power that is often believed to decide what will happen in human life or history.
rule:noun:a law or direction that guides behavior or action.
coast:noun:the land next to the ocean; seashore.
wheel:noun:a round frame that turns on the axle.
offender:verb:to cause to be angry, annoyed, or insulted.
walk:verb:to move at a steady pace by steps.
achievement:noun:something achieved through hard work, courage, or skill.
guideline:noun:(often pl.
pavement:noun:a hard surface for a road, driveway, or sidewalk.
Pig:noun:an animal with a wide, flat nose, four short legs, a thick body, and a short, curly tail.
doubt:verb:to not know for sure; be uncertain about the truth of.
commander:noun:a person who leads and controls.
respect:noun:the state or condition of being thought of with honor or admiration; such admiration itself.
return:verb:to go back or come back.
spending:verb:to pay out.
Asp:noun:any of several small, poisonous snakes found in Africa and Asia Minor, such as the cobra or horned viper.
roll:verb:to move by turning over and over.
back:noun:the part of the body of a human or animal that is on the opposite side from the chest and between the neck and hips.
appointment:noun:the act of choosing or naming for an office or duty.
Lot:noun:a large amount or number.
